I agree. They didn't even attempt to cleverly hide the plainly obviously theme of the movie, which i think would have done it a huge favor.. . "On this day, fairy lives don't matter.". . Give me a break. At least try.
Well it looks like you're pretty upset about my meme, so I hope your day gets better. Have a good one
Lol relax my guy, it's a meme. Not offended at all
http://i.imgur.com/nfOHVjc.jpg
You solved the mystery OP
Lol nice job
That's because it doesn't exist, and I'm not about to moderate my own subreddit
/r/CentenariansOfSociety ?. . Idk just tryna get the ball rolling here
Dude have you ever heard of elbows before? He's bending his elbow
As good a reason as any
Dang dude, your account is old as hell! What brought you to reddit so near its beginning?
not right?
Just tried it. No, I'm still getting the same error. I was hoping I wouldn't have to, but I'll probably just handle the exception and continue on as if it was posted successfully.
at least you admit it
Thank you!
[inticingly clever comment finishing the comment chain depicted in the original post]
Por que no los dos
Dude, you're comparing an illegal plant to crimes against humanity. Get real
Honest question, how do you dislike this show and also enjoy the abomination that is Young Sheldon
mmmmmmm wahtcha saaaaayyyyyyy
Cat.
*Brick* with Joseph Gordon Levitt
Poor contribution. Take my downvote, random person
nice chops
Your IQ just isn't high enough. Don't worry, not everyone can be enlightened by their own intelligence.
[Cool stuff man.](https://gyazo.com/e9356de905afe716cab21e638013898e.png). . You were involved in writing the paper I'm guessing? Good work. 
This didn't really giveth my fucks
Haha I love it
/r/Iamimitatingthecommentsspecifiedbytheoriginalposteventhoughtheyarenotrelevantonthisposthahaiamveryfunny
I think that when someone says Japanese music is robotic, they're probably referring to their pop music, which is incredibly commercialized and manufactured, at least in my opinion. There's an entire genre where the "artists" are just holograms performing on stage. 
Yep, I'm on the same boat. I'm glad youtube finally figured out how to maake good recommendations, I actually get a lot of good suggestions from them.
Pumping cones?
[One of my favorite animes of all time.](http://www.herbiemania.com/herbierescuerally2.jpg)
Some advice I got a while back -- order some sort of delivery, like pizza ya know, and if your driver looks "stoner" enough, ask him for suggestions. Otherwise you just gotta know people.. . When i was dankrupt over this past summer, i went into a local vape shop (they sold bongs, grinders, etc.) and asked something like "where can a guy find some trees around here?" The dude was like "hold on", he texted some people, and after like 2 hours of standing around and questioning my life decisions i got my weed.. . So maybe try something like that, but I definitely got lucky when I did that so proceed with caution.
Yeah fair enough
Or maybe you just happen to know what logos is and you wanna make a joke about? Like you're thinking way too hard about this lol
Dude Jesus Christ maybe he's just a smart guy who likes making jokes. I get that this sub is for making fun of people but come on. It's not even that bad, just delivered poorly
I didn't really think it was obnoxious but I can see why you would.
Quality television right there
Idk Norman you can do a lot with just two tubes of toothpaste. Just imagine what you can do with three.
Man, so many downvotes just for cleverly stating your opinion. Too bad
What does THEM even stand for? Take Hoes, Enjoy Money? I can't keep up with all these acronyms.
Vulfpeck is one of the best bands out there right now, if you ask me.
Bye Bye Bluntman :'(
I agree 100%, though I bet you'll get downvoted. Reddit worships Jon Stewart.
No offense but as a student I would have despised you during your first four years. What grade(s) do you teach?
I'm the same way, just with all people instead of one race.
Continue scrolling down at your own risk; cancer ahead
. !redditplatinum XD
I liked your original comment, but your opinion of yourself is clearly too high. Just another pseudo-intellectual redditor, nothing to see here folks.. . > I'm not going to downvote you, I have no desire for such things. I will scold you though.. . mm o yea scold me daddy
It is amazingly self-aware. I loved it tbh, but if you take yourself too seriously you probably won't.
8 now confirmed.
Apparently not many
yeh u rite
It would have ended up as a tentacle maze thing regardless of the specific paths. How do we know that the way they put it together in the show was the exact image Will was trying to convey? We don't, but they figured it out anyway. 
You don't have to be high to enjoy the deliciousness that is count chocula. But it sure helps
Well it didn't really have to be the exact image Will had in his head. No matter what it looked like, they would've been able to figure out what was going on.
It's hard to make blanket statements about reddit like this. In general i think you're right, but it really just depends on the thread topics and the subreddit in which the discussion takes place.
Damn, not sure why you're being downvoted, it absolutely is. However the article that he linked was pretty fair.
I've been on the internet too long. Took me like 30 seconds to realize you weren't talking about [these guys](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2017/07/26/19/42B5BBE500000578-4733148-image-a-37_1501093553988.jpg)
https://i.gyazo.com/3f7cd0e5a801db3359742884f16af747.png
Yeah agreed. . . >When it first launched in January 2010, Mercedes Bunz, writing for The Guardian, said The Daily Caller was "setting itself up to be the conservative answer to The Huffington Post".. . Sigh...
I thought that was the Daily Stormer?. . After doing a little research, I definitely think it's right wing, but I think it's stretch to call it neo nazi...
Haha that last line got me
I just made the comparison because one of Elon's companies is called Tesla, and Tesla's rival was Edison.
Good point.
Didn't realize Daily Caller was tabloid news. The article the other dude linked seemed fair though.
Oh wow, thanks. Ironically he sounds more like Edison than Tesla. He also claims to work 100 hrs a week, which is 14.3 hrs per day assuming he works every day. That is insane, but I actually believe it based on how driven he seems.
Can i get a source, i would like to read more about this if it's true.
Good bot
But then you just smoke the nug and your broken finger is fixed, problem solved
Damn it's worse than I thought
Haha. Yeah, I've also had to take PSY 101, a modern jewish writers class (actually enjoyed that one tho prof was great), PHIL 101, PACS 101 (also horrible), and a "first year seminar". Didn't hate all of them, but I still think most were wastes of money. The one I'm in right now is just on a whole other level, so awful.
Fantastic answer thank you
This seems to be the general consensus, which I'm very glad about.
Oh my god. I do not think the world revolves around me -- I hardly have an ego at all. But clearly no amount of keyboard fighting is going to make you think otherwise. Have a good one.
Yeah, all fair points and I've been employed before (not for coding) so I do know what you mean. My point is that at least the industry you work for will have you do something that is at least tangentially related to what you are interested in. Correct me if I'm wrong, seriously, because it could be I'm just talking out of my ass here.. . Do you think technical employers would care about grades in non-technical areas?
I do the work, doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. Sounds like these good students you've met are either lying to you or are lying to themselves. If not, good for them.. . This class is a one-off case for me, usually I can deal with difficult classes just fine. The problem is that it's not just difficult, but a total waste of time. If you attended it I'm sure you would agree with me.
Christ dude calm down. I'm a good student and I realize that I'm not unique. No need to jerk yourself off
That is stupid as hell tbh. Why do employers care about your grades on irrelevant subjects? Just to see how good you are at following orders?
People are products of three things: genetics, the environment around them, and the people around them. We have much less control over ourselves than what we would like to think. Don't get me wrong, this is just my personal pseudoscience. Just based on my own experiences.
Glad you liked it. Def in my top 5
I've tried that. Problem is, the system doesn't recognize that exception: https://i.gyazo.com/b4b1fd85140aa08758b8f21c32384b8d.png
Maybe they aren't from N. America chill out
Lol, spotipy. I guess it's obvious but it's still funny
No kidding, now I know how Europeans feel
Moon
Exactly. People need to get off the internet and discuss these issues with real people who they actually might have an impact on. Yes I'm aware of the irony of this comment
I thought it was funny
I hate how the internet has become a giant propaganda machine for both sides of the political spectrum.
There really isn't a dominant genre of music today like there was before the smartphone/iPod age. People can listen to whatever they want, no matter how obscure, instead of sticking to just a few dominant genres. Obviously there are still more popular genres than others, but not really in the same way as before.
Yeah sorry, the problem is with that line.. . Here, I'll just link to the github repo: https://github.com/elijahanderson/DPUDS_Projects/tree/master/Fall_2017/MNIST. . And the code you linked definitely seems quite a bit easier to understand. I think it might be a good idea to kind of merge what I have with that code, but only if I absolutely can't solve the issues with my current project. I feel like I'm so close to getting it to run properly.
https://scontent-atl3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t34.0-12/22523676_1717321208313163_371710388_n.png?oh=5a5b5280c6de72631cd1318caab86e87&oe=59EC9382. . Not that I disagree
Hi there. So I figured out why I was getting the error in the OP and I'm now able to get through the for loop that was causing me trouble earlier. But now I'm getting an error in this block of code:. .         for l in range(2, self.num_layers) :.             z = zs[-1].             sp = sigmoid_prime(z).             delta = np.dot(self.weights[-l+1].transpose(), delta) * sp.             new_biases[-l] = delta.             new_weights[-l] = np.dot(delta, activations[-l-1].transpose()). . The error:. .     ValueError: operands could not be broadcast together with shapes (30,10) (10,1) . . Again, I understand why I'm getting the error since the first dimensions aren't equal. But I don't understand why it's like this in the first place; the code is exactly what the author of the book has. I'm so lost when it comes to this stuff, and he just doesn't really explain what's really going on here, at least not in a way I can understand. 
I really do appreciate the response, but I'm just not really seeing how it solves my specific issue.
I actually just got here randomly during last night's internet browsing. It piqued my interest since I've always agreed with nihilist ideas but never really read more in detail about them. 
Oh yes this is that good shit. Thanks
So ironic that this comment is downvoted haha. . . http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/211/681/b1b.jpg
Found my new go to copypasta
I downvoted to get rid of competition. Hehe take that nerds
Righteous!
u ok
................................................. to gestate a LOOONGE n e c k
This is cool, is that fuzziness intentional or just jpeg artifacting? Either way I like it
You keep saying whatever but you keep replying? I don't understand
Not complaining, don't really care. But whatever, keep oiling your neckbeard
Lol -- has an immediate 5 points after posting a comment deep in a 16 hr old thread. You, my dude, are pathetic.
While were on the subject, when i was like 13, i got a huge zit right on my left eyelid. It was so bad i couldn't open it past a certain point. Popping that zit is to date one of my greatest experiences in life. Wish you could have seen it
Haha fair enough
This is a cool idea, thanks for sharing your work
This is the kind of person that automatically downvotes a person if he thinks they might  disagree. You're not going to get through to him using logic
Yeah, 100% agree. Kate's acting in the IT parody had me in stitches. The guys do their job but are just missing something
You are missing the point of every one of my comments and this debate is now useless. Have a good day man
The injustices surrounding it are not, but the social construct itself absolutely is. Look man, we don't even disagree here, at least not on a fundamental level. You're just too busy trying to prove yourself right to even see that.
If you think I didn't already know that then you missed my point entirely. There are plenty of places on the internet where discussion of politics is kept to a minimum because intelligent people realize that they're not going to change any minds without some sort of relationship with the person they disagree with. And debating about petty shit like race is exactly what the corrupt politicians that are always bitched about want people to do. Divide and conquer is a real tactic. Try to see the bigger picture here. That's all I'll say
[Take On Tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbXKXWLJkqI)
Yeah I get that -- I'm not even subscribed to the subreddit. Whatever tho this is not worth arguing over
Believe it or not, you are allowed to dislike seeing political shit all the time without seeing black people as entertainers
Sad to s-. . Wait a second...
It was a joke. A meme, even
I mean yeah, but poor these days just means fast food for meals. Back then it meant fewer and smaller meals.
These are clearly alt accounts, this type of interaction could never happen naturally!
https://media.tenor.com/images/e8e470b56f51532e9793a5f74b10a115/tenor.gif
No we aren't. What an arrogant thing to say. Natural selection by itself is entirely arbitrary. The fact more people are growing up needing glasses, is natural selection. The fact more people are becoming lactose intolerant, is natural selection. Any change in a population over time via reproduction is natural selection. People often think that natural selection is only limited to improvements, and it usually is, but not always.
Does your script always make a random reply to comments with 'good bot' or do you do it yourself?
Huh seems kinda risky to me but what the fuck do I know about your life. Have a good evening man
/r/learnmachinelearningmachinelearning
You grow your own then?. . And dealers are still necessary for a lot of people, esp college kiddos like me, so idk what you're talking about there.
Oh really? Does your dealer sell multiple strains or do you just have multiple dealers?
Damn, I wish I lived in a legal state. Being able to pick and choose strains sounds so so nice...
no problem dude
You gotta press enter twice to do a new line 
What was the verdict
wow DEEP
haha do you get it? i could not say this thing normally, as it would be socially unacceptable. But since it is the internet, it is funny!! Haha my humor is top notch
Haha I thought it was that [grapefruit technique video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgV6F7YP448)
gr8 b8 m8
Lol dude, you are comparing sexual assault to forcing yourself to drink occassionally. I do get your point tho
Not to mention that the UI looks about 10 years old
Well, you're right, sorry. I don't know your character as a whole so I'll reserve judgment. But in this specific case... yeah.. . Either way, we all make mistakes no matter how severe. The important thing is to adjust yourself accordingly after the fact.. . I hope you have a good life, and if you wanna vent some more I gotchu. Life is hard.
It's up to you. I don't know your relationship so I won't offer advice
I'm sure you've said this to yourself already, but you're a piece of shit
Yeah i know, just tryna cash in on this karma train
*its
This book is great: http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap1.html
OOH
Ah this made it much clearer, thank you
Can someone ELI5 what the difference is?
Cat psychology is so misunderstood in this country smh
Welcome to the internet where a bunch of pasty nerds worship a fictional woman.. . not that i'm any different tho
Why do you think that LSD is healthier than weed? just curious.. . I've done both, and LSD can literally change your life overnight. Weed just makes you happy and chill. In terms of physical health though I can see where you're coming from
Huh, right when /r/me_irl finally banned this trash
Exactly, idk about everyone else but I'm really enjoying the absurdity of the last few years. What a time to be alive
What
Look up basketcase by green day
I thought all vegans already did this to retain their superpowers
If this is true, then I don't know how my life isn't in shambles since I smoke before bed every night.. . Oh wait, my life is in shambles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPAH7kK4CCU
gr8 b8 m8
It already is a copypasta, except mostly used unironically by people who think they can change minds on the internet.
Maybe not but it'll get the idiots deep down in the comments in a shouting match. It's the same when there's a black person in a gif or something.
I swear to god every single discussion on this wasteland of a website always comes to shit like this. You're wasting your time dude. Just go deep into some other thread (don't worry, doesn't matter which one) where this argument has already been hashed out.
no you are a BEAUTIFUL GODDESS with ZERO IMPERFECTIONS don't you get it??
You're thinking about it way too hard
Go away needless spam bot. . Haha come on dude you don't need to downvote me. I've created many bots myself. This one is just useless.
This video made my day, good find OP
Oof
Accurate. My university (DePauw) just spent millions of dollars *on a fucking fountain* -- enough money to give 60 kids a full ride scholarship. How they claim to care about students while spending so much on frivolous bullshit is beyond me. I'm here to learn, not to feel good. But of course I'm in the minority on this one; most students couldn't care less.. . I will concede that it is a nice fuckin fountain.
You're right, but I think they're self aware about it and don't take themselves too seriously. Plus there's actually some par-of-the-course political/social commentary that you would expect from a show on Netflix. It's a decent show sober, but it's hilarious if you're high, which is how I would recommend watching it.
I mean, smoking weed in general is inhaling burnt plant matter, which definitely can't be great for your lungs. Smoking the tar that comes from that is probably worse. Shit, it's literally black. {3]
Well, I admit I don't really know the science behind it. It just feels like smoking straight up tar and my lungs never feel good afterwards.
I am curious to see how drug dealing and chess intertwine
Lol no you are not, am also guilty. That shit is real bad for you tho
For real? The more you know...
Someone put time and energy into making this
I will do that, thank you
Well, this morning I got some help from professors and it looks like the drive is just broken somehow. I am going to have to get it replaced and the data recovered. fuck my life
Name: Dell Inspiron 15 7000. . OS: Windows 10. . Memory: 16GB, 2400MHz, DDR4. . Hard Drive: 128GB Solid State Drive + 1TB 5400RPM Hard Drive. . Vidya Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050Ti with 4GB GDDR5. . . . 
Thanks for the very helpful comment and I'll get back to you if I find the solution.
Yeah... that sounds familiar... https://i.gyazo.com/6c7c1cde5b6b9023f4c4f4fb191439ee.png
Yeah it's not in the BIOS. I've asked a few professors and they seem to think it just got disconnected somehow, as it happened too suddenly for it to just be dead. I'm going to dig around in my laptop to see if it's just a unplug/replug sort of issue.
It is internal, which is why I'm so flabbergasted. . . Also, when I boot my computer, I hear a rhythmic clicking sound that I haven't heard before -- could that be the D: drive strugglin?
It is an HDD -- do I need to remove it from the laptop to check if it's spinning or is there software for that?
Schmackos or death human, your choice
Ur a good little face
Lol I feel you. 3.75 last semester, smoked 2-3 times a day. The only time I'm not motivated to do well is when I'm sober.
I'm surprised it takes that long to scrape facebook comments. I've worked with twitter APIs and i can stream around 50k tweets per hour.
ok
My attitude sucks? Lol thanks detective lemons for your valuable input
No they won't. I don't even know why people lie about that shit, we all know it. Life sucks and has no point.
The whole beat tape/vaporwave community on youtube is friendly and great, lots of stoners and chill folks.
Is this like autism 2.0?
Did a human create it? If yes, it has bias. Even if you actively try to make it not so, it will in some way, shape, or form. The exception is when a program is incredibly simple, which wouldn't be the case here.
TIL
Brb I'm trying something new
Bible study lmao
I'm gonna add giggle bush to my weed euphemism repertoire. So far I got:. . *   Devil's Lettuce. . * Hungarian Hummus. . * Waccy Tobaccy. . * Jazz Cigarette. . * Jamaican Jam
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/837/229/214.jpg
Wait, Iwas under the impression that all interstellar gas is made of hydrogen/helium? I thought only planetary nebulas contain heavier elements.
Man, that is a looong shoe
Lol is this the one where brett takes the 1/16th tab of acid and trips hard? One of my favorites
I don't have it running anymore lol
/r/test is where you want to go to test bots.. . I've made several and if you need any help feel free to ask me or the folks at /r/requestabot.. . If you want to make a bot, you should start out by making a bot that detects a certain keyword in comments and replies with a response. For example, the first bot i made responded with the number of times a user has said "yeah" in their history if they comment "!showyeahs". There's a very good tutorial for this somewhere around this sub, but i'm on mobile so you'll just have to search for it.
you're in a meme subreddit
C H A W W K L E T
The bot author could be leaving the responses themself. Otherwise, yes it's probably randomly picking a response.
Dating is so much effort. I don't know how anyone enjoys pretending to be interested in a complete stranger for hours.
[C T R L is an illusion](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/f5/f9/29/f5f92987e075c48230b5c83e854dd620--computer-keyboard-computer-jokes.jpg)
You are a good dad. Mine woukd never do anything like this
Cat.
[Cat.](http://m.imgur.com/xG2KuPw)
I'm about to begin a project using something called the MNIST dataset. It's basically the "Hello world" of machine learning. It contains a set of 60,000 regulated images of handwritten digits, and you can use neural network algorithms to learn from them and recognize other handwritten digits. I would highly recommend starting with this project if you want to learn about neural networks and deep learning.. . When I'm not on mobile, I could link an excellent free online book that teaches this project. If you're interested.. . http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap1.html You should read this.
Did his comment tickle you intelectually
Where can a guy get some horse meat
Cue the passive aggressive text saying "Everything good man?"
Don't forget the sun
That's actually a really fascinating story, glad I asked. Thanks for sharing
Damn that's impressive
Ghost peppers tho. Those things are unfathomably hot, even if you enjoy spicy stuff
> at my peak I could eat dried ghost peppers whole. . That's fucked yo. Do you live in a place where spicy food is really common or are you just naturally weird?
Huh? Sure you can dude. For example, I've been learning a lot about WWI recently, and some of the atrocities involved aren't necessarily surprising, but are still amazing regardless. Like the casualty numbers alone astound me, but aren't very surprising.
> We tried too hard for too long to take the high road and it cost us. . . > [the high road](https://media.giphy.com/media/jezIpvEFdozx6/giphy.gif). . 
Every video on youtube by a kid is like avant garde art.
No jokes allowed >:(
http://i.imgur.com/DAAQxx5.gif
For me, A Link to the Past is still the best Zelda game since I'm blinded by nostalgia goggles.. . I'm jealous of the young kids who get to play this game...
That is fair. I've never read a single Batman comic, so I have no idea what the OG Batman character is really supposed to be like.. . Oh hold up, I just realized that you meant brain damage as in literally. I thought you meant that he was giving the audience figurative brain damage because of how bad of a Batman he is. Lol wow
> Nolan Batman was giving people brain damage. . You know, I see this viewpoint a lot on reddit but I don't really get it. I thought the Nolan Batman was perfect, and I still think he's the best serious Batman as of yet (obviously Adam West's campy Batman is the best overall Batman). Could you elaborate?
I was coming from /r/all, and I honestly just think it's funny that you guys care so much about about SJWs that you created an entire subreddit for it. I was complaining just to complain, but now it's just amusing.. . so no pics? Thought not.
Lol wow. Could I get a pic of you so I can see what an alpha male looks like? You know, if a great alpha male like you can step down from your pedestal and get on the level of a beta cuck like me.
Every day we stray further from Yahweh's light
What you can't seem to understand is that SJW's think that people like *you* are "gonna ruin civilised society". Get some perspective. We're all trying to work towards what we think a better world should be. Just because you don't agree with how other people want the world to become doesn't mean they're trying to ruin it. Please, step out of echo chambers like this sub and actively try to understand the viewpoints of other people. You don't have to agree with them, just understand where they're coming from -- hating somebody because they don't think like you is a reflection of your own insecurities.
:(
At least he has a coherent argument? Chill out. People have different viewpoints. Man, this thread is aggressive, but I guess that's to be expected from a subreddit dedicated to hatred.
Even dogs can only take so much ugliness
/r/inwhatisknownasanenthusiasticgestureelevateoneofyouruppermostlimbstowardsthegeneraldirectionofalargegroupofpeoplededicatedtocreatingprofit
You misunderstood everything I have said. Insulting? I'm on the same side as the murderer? Jesus, grow up.
But it doesn't tho? Nicotine isn't like LSD where its effects on people wildly vary.
I will freely admit that I do have bias against alcohol. 
For fuck's sake, I am not saying alcohol should be illegal. Literally, just take 10 seconds to look at my other comments and you would see that. 
Stop being patronizing. I'm just trying to have a discussion here.. . So, what is the end goal of drinking if it's not to get drunk? That actually is shocking to me, because there's literally no other point of drinking. Most people don't drink vodka for the flavor. Serious question.. . Edit: It's wild to see how many people dismiss me as being immature just because I have different life experiences than them. Not everyone is middle class, you guys. Many people cannot afford to go out to a dinner and spend $15 on two drinks. You all must be sheltered as fuck if you think the majority of adults who drink do it for the wine & dine experience. Get real.
I say in many other comments on this same thread that I am not advocating to make alcohol illegal. I'll freely admit that my initial comment was a knee jerk reaction.
I'm no stranger to alcohol and its effects. But it's not like I can prove that, so think whatever you want.. . Do 2 beers make you drunk? No, of course not. But how many people do you actually know stop at 2 beers? Very few I would imagine. "Responsible" drinking isn't nearly as prevalent as people would like to believe.
Actually, no, I don't know anyone who can reasonably go have just one drink. That defeats the whole purpose of drinking in the first place in most people's eyes. Only older people that already have lots of experience drinking say they have had enough after one or two, and even then it's a rarity. It doesn't happen nearly as often as you seem to think.
You said it way better than I did. I couldn't agree more.
I disagree. Even responsible drinking causes you to lose some amount of control over yourself. Smoking cigarettes does not, in fact if you've ever smoked cigarettes you would know that it actually somewhat sharpens your focus.. . Don't get me wrong, I'm not defending cigarettes. I'm just saying alcohol should be regulated the same way cigarettes are.
Okay, fine, that doesn't change any part of what I said.
I don't disagree. But it does turn potential murderers into actual murderers, as demonstrated by our dearest Florida man.. . I think that *not* blaming the substance, at least to a certain extent, is naive. Drugs change people. That's literally the entire point of them.
Haha well we still have territories, they're just made up of smaller communities and are a hell of a lot bigger. But I see what you mean
I agree with you 100%. Like I said in my other comments, I just wish it had the same cultural taboo that cigarettes do nowadays.
Yeah, just to be clear, I'm not advocating for it to be illegal, that would be a disaster
I mentioned cigarettes because, even though it's legal, there's sort of a taboo concerning it. It's not the same way with alcohol, which endangers not only your life but the lives of everyone around you. Even responsible adults fuck up when they're drunk, and all the time. If it's not outright violence, it's something else. Just think of all the pain, even emotional pain, that could be prevented without alcohol.. . I'm not advocating for it being illegal. I just wish it had the same cultural taboo that tabbacco or weed, or literally any other drug, has.
That line of thinking is kind of selfish, don't you think? I would rather be depressed without a drink after a hard day than see another family destroyed by a jackass behind a wheel who's trying to turn off the switch of life.. . But hey, it's not *me* or *my* family, so who cares right?
Yes, but why? . . Well, because it's ingrained in us that we need it. Don't get me wrong, I like a cool drink after a long week just like anybody else, but the truth is nobody needs it. If alcohol wasn't already a significant part of being social, I don't think Prohibition would have been a problem.. . The bottom line is that it makes people really stupid, and situations like this could easily be prevented without the use of alcohol. It can never be illegal, but I wish it would stop being celebrated.
>After Cruz defended his friends, Mena, **who later admitted to having consumed 15 or 20 beers that night**, pulled a handgun from his pants and began shooting, the report said.. . Alcohol literally destroys lives *all* the time, yet it remains not only legal, but basically a celebrated part of western culture. I get that this was a result of ingrained homophobia, but I would bet my retirement savings that this would have never happened without the influence of alcohol.  . . I don't understand why so many people can be against cigarettes and weed when it's clear, at least to me, that alcohol does the most damage of any legalized substance. Can anybody give me a logical defense of alcohol being legal? Seriously.. . Edit: Before anyone says anything about Prohibition, believe me, I know that realistically alcohol cannot become illegal. I just think society would be much better off without it.
I mean, if a woman was talented enough and could keep up with the guys she would absolutely be drafted. The thing stopping them from drafting such a woman is that no such woman exists. Keep in mind, there are plenty of top tier *men* who can't even keep up with the real pros.. . It's the same reason that the NFL hasn't drafted a woman, even though a woman technically can be in the NFL. It's simple biology. Perhaps in the future that won't be the case, but it is now.
Yep... the more I look into it, the more I'm beginning to realize that lol.. . As of now, I'm going to go with optical character recognition, since there is already a large database easily available and lots of other people have done projects with it. It won't be easy, but I think it's perfect for the group.
Don't know yet! School doesn't even start until late August, I'm just trying to get everything squared away before then. We'll have several projects going at once, and club members can pick and choose which one(s) they want to be a part of. They don't even have to work on a project, some are just part of the club because they want to observe and learn.
Do you think that question answering still be as challenging if the questions are required to be in a specific category and have only one answer? Because I've been researching the concepts a bit and it doesn't seem to me like QA would be terribly difficult, but you might know better than me.. . Also, the main reason I'm hesitant to go for the character recognition is because it's a data science group, and character recognition seems like it would have much to do with data collection. But if the other options really are too difficult for college kids then it would be fine.
Yeah I am particularly interested in NLP as you may have guessed. I've done a twitter user simulator using Markov chains for example [(here if you're interested)](https://twitter.com/xbilboxswaggins). . . I've actually worked with NLTK before and I definitely plan on implementing it in any of these projects. Never heard of Spacy though, I'll be sure to check it out.
"No, the gamblers will not accept methamphetamine as financial compensation"
The only dealer school i need is the streets
Wow, that's crazy
I don't know jack shit about hockey. Why is he so famous if he's not much of an athlete?
Better that than a blast of smegma
I have a different vision in which internet slang will become similar to those [increasingly verbose memes.](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/204/181/ca0.jpg)
I'm just here for the inevitable free sprog karma.
> LCD
Lol I stopped reading GOT halfway through the fifth book. Is that bitch seriously still alive?
Hours are long, days are short, years are even shorter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3pk9CMwtN0
I've never understood why some people are so perfectionist about cleaning. Like, it's just gonna get dirty again... unless you're trying to impress someone, there's not really any point if you ask me.
Lmao. I already didn't want to get married, and this thread is not only reminding me why, but is also giving me about a million more reasons not to.
Damn, I do too
I mean, it kind of is, but it's also not nearly as bad as facebook or other social media because of anonymity and the fact that there's so many people on each thread with a vast variety of knowledge that can be used to fact check. Of course, it still has some echo-chambery places because of distinct subreddits, but overall I still think it's one of the best discussion platforms out there. If you really want to, you can easily get many different opinions on something in other places on reddit if one thread is just an echo chamber. 
no... i just can't stand it when people see something they like and share it with others. has reposting gone too far?
He's referring to the /r/eli5 post about sharks swallowing water I think
Or it could be that their environment and unique experiences led them to become more liberal and the amount of testosterone has nothing to do with it. There are plenty of reasons to support free healthcare and there are plenty of reasons not to. It's certainly not an issue that is drastically effected by sexual hormones, especially seeing as how there are plenty of women who don't support free healthcare.
I mean, plenty of men are just as liberal as an "intersectional feminist" might be. He probably agrees with her on most issues, or else why would he marry her?
Seriously... It's a pretty safe assumption. [9/10 homeless people are men.](https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/may/07/men-gender-divide-feminism)
While I certainly believe that marijuana won't outright kill you and tobacky has way more harmful effects, what you're saying here is confirmation bias. Of course all the people who have been smoking pot for 50 years and are alive are fine... All the ones who weren't fine are already dead. . . Additionally, both the percentage and strength of THC in pot has gotten significantly stronger (I can source this if you want but you could just ask anyone who smoked pot in the 80s or 90s and still smokes today), so I wouldn't be terribly surprised if there would be some more negative effects nowadays than there were decades ago. . . That said, based on personal experience and short-term scientific studies, I definitely think it is one of the safest taboo drugs out there.
You're in /r/BlackPeopleTwitter. If you're looking for reasonable, mostly unbiased, or intelligent political debate, I guarantee you will not find it here.
Being dicks to your siblings when you're young buolds your relationship with them. I hated my brother growing up, but now we are best friends and he's one of the few people who really get me.
It may not be able to get got. I am drunk.
Wait a second... you mean to tell me that a rational person can have a hard time picking a side when there shouldn't be any side? unbelievable
Finally a comments bot that isn't needless spam
Not until space ships become as commonplace as sailing ships were back then, that is
The best kind. Btw how was it?
I did not know that, thank you
Does this mean a really old friend, or a friend who is just pretty great
I love insightful & helpful comments like this. Thank you for your time.
I will do that eventually, thank you.
That's kind of the point tho. I'm not affiliated with any company so I don't really care if it becomes a little racist. Plus, the tweets hardly ever make sense anyways.
After seeing a few of his interviews I'm inclined to agree
!wordcloud
!wordcloud
!wordcloud
!wordcloud
> according to studies. . \> doesn't link any studies
Chill out, know what sub you're on. This is more than uncalled for.
You're totally right, my comment was in no way just a joke. As soon as I even lay my eyes on a fidget spinner, I go super saiyan and murder everyone within a 10 foot radius
BHO? Big Hungry Orphans?
!wordcloud
!wordcloud
!wordcloud
!wordcloud
!wordcloud
Just if they do it with a fidget spinner lol
Can't hug the dogs I see on the internet. . Can't touch the boobies I see on the internet. . The dilemma of the modern man
!wordcloud
[Already did this.](https://github.com/elijahanderson/Rick-Roll-Alert-Bot) Doesn't make it any less pointless or obnoxious though, please don't actually implement this bot and just let people get rickrolled. Spam bots are lame
Looks like you just told him some slutty thing you did over the weekend
Not as good as everyone else makes it out to be
Lol fuck off. Only a vegan would call someone twisted for eating meat, jesus christ
I think we might find out in the next few years. But I hope not.
Damn if that's what you think acting high and mighty is then maybe you should get out more.. . As for the animals, check my other comments for my position. I don't feel like running around in circles again.
https://media.giphy.com/media/SpDtRW5MJLzbO/giphy.gif
No, a life is only valuable to the one who holds it only if they actually realize that they're alive.. . This debate is just going in circles. Have a good day.
Is that so? Well, have *you* seen an animal on the way to slaughter? Because I've slaughtered chickens myself, and believe me they are just about as void of emotion on their way to the knife as they are before it. If they're not, then you're freaking them out by doing it wrong. Freaking out because of primitive instinct, not some deep existential fear. They barely realize they're dying even as they're getting killed.. . Look, I get that animals have emotion too, but it's not nearly as complex as anything humans experience. Sorry, but I don't feel bad about it.
Clearly you've never actually been around farm animals. If you had, you would know they're void of just about every deep emotion. Chickens? Cows? Seriously? They don't experience love because they aren't self-aware enough to, and the only reason they feel pain and fear is because of internal instinct telling them to not die.. . My life is not precious to me and neither is any other life, especially not fucking chickens. Inb4 I'm called a psychopath.
And your point? Has nearly everyone in all of human history been a piece of shit because they eat meat?
Well no shit, I already know that. I just don't care because they're animals. It would be a different story if they could look in a mirror and identify themselves, like with a dolphin or a gorilla. I just don't see what the big deal is. Why should I stop eating meat just because humans made it into an efficient process?. . That said, if lab grown meat was easily available I would rather eat that instead.
I was talking about animals, not people. I would never kill a person for material gain, but I do eat meat.
I'm American, but still not sure how I feel about this debate. On one hand, I recognize that hate speech certainly leads to violence -- just think of that Orlando night club shooting a while back or any school shooting caused by relentless social bullying.. . On the other hand, to what extent do I have to navigate social minefields to prevent hurt feelings? I've been called countless hurtful names throughout my childhood. Faggot, queer, pussy, retard, etc. etc. and I'm about as straight white a male as you can get. Yet, I don't go around being violent and I'm not suicidal because I was able to brush it off. They're just words. I get that words can be very powerful, but sometimes they really don't mean anything, especially if they come from the kind of person that needlessly insults others.. . The problem is that people take things others say to heart. Don't let words define you. Censorship won't take away hate speech, because people will always find a way around it. "Retard" used to be the politically correct thing to say.
Wait, so the line between morality in immorality depends on if you eat the animal afterwards? How does that make sense?
Lol I don't like the cherry filled ones either, fruit flavoring in desserts usually doesn't go over so well with me.. . Btw I looked through your comment history just because I like the way you type. I'm glad I did because your cute ass rabbits made my morning
So perfect for /r/creepy
What on earth even is that
b-but oppression. America is exactly how it was in the 60s don't you understand
Agreed, I think we should start electing political officials based on how much animals like them. Why isn't this in the Constitution? We never even had a chance to succeed.
Sort of, an adult man with the mind of a 15 year old
What's your favorite tea? Mine's gotta be either jasmine or oolong
~ 1/6 parts cranberry juice, 2/6 parts orange juice, 3/6 parts apple juice. . My hangover cure & overall surprisingly good juice drink. . Also, nothing like a good cup of black coffee
this really politicized my meme subreddit
Whether or not it's a good time depends on what your goal is.
No I'm sorry but this bot would be pointless and obnoxious. Stop taking reddit so seriously, and if you want in-depth discussion instead of low-effort comments then you should subscribe to smaller subreddits geared toward that kind of thing. Here are some, but there are many more:. . /r/TrueReddit . . /r/NeutralPolitics . . /r/SeriousConversation . . /r/CasualConversation . . [Serious] threads on /r/askreddit . . And if you don't want to do that, then just downvote those comments and leave one yourself in response. Takes a solid 30 seconds.
I think a bot like this would be even more annoying than shitty memes and overused puns. Not everyone shares your sense of humor you know
No but really I don't understand why a 4 y/o copying a famous movie character is so unbelievable
This is rad
Title: Story: A story.. . Story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story  =story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story story
I don't have it running right now sorry! It was just a small project and I doubt I'll keep the bot around
No, but that would be a lot more efficient than the way I went about it. I just used a plain old if statement to check if a comment had 'twitter.com' in it
That's actually way better imo, those noisy ass birds made my hours at walkabout hell
They got rid of lorikeet landing??
Walkabout and Boma you?
Any shots of me? Just kidding but I actually did work at this zoo
This will be very helpful thank you
t
you do you brotha
I think this qualifies as /r/ComedyCemetary material
You okay man? Need to talk about something? What's on your mind?
Hate when that happens
Not a problem, just trying to get all the info I can before I start on anything
What are the main differences between it and the tweepy module, which people are also recommending a lot? 
Carribean Cabbage. . Hungarian Hummus
Take a closer look at the small text in das may may
I'm definitely interested in learning how to work with APIs themselves. I think that once I'm finished working with some various bots and getting more experience with different API modules, I'll start working with the real deal. One step at a time!. . And if you could post an example of what you're talking about that would be a great start, no big deal though. Thanks
This really overcooked my doggo
I'm just not sure where I would even start. I'm pretty new to working with APIs so I feel like I still need to have that extra level of abstraction.
Blast From the Past with Brendan Fraser. Kind of old now but the humor is still spot on.
Finally a good response. inb4 it's deleted
Well, right now I'm just trying to get a hang of what I can do with the reddit API. I've made this bot and another one that goes through your comment history and replies with the number of times you've said "yeah" if you type !showyeahs (it isn't running right now). . . Eventually I'll try to make something cooler than a Rick Roll bot but I have no good ideas yet. If you can think of something I'll definitely consider it!
Understandable, I'm just trying to test out my bot writing skills.
Hey stop stealing my thunder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
[Definitely not a Rick Roll](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Well, this past semester, I smoked weed nearly every day with tolerance breaks in between. Was my best semester with a 3.75 and my classes weren't exactly easy. I realize that I'm probably in the minority - my friend did the same and got a 1.xx. . . As long as you have enough self discipline to keep up and study every day, it is possible. But I am a pretty smart guy (inb4 /r/iamverysmart), and you're right it was mostly stress relief.
Idk about you, but drugs and alcohol are helping me through college quite well. That said more money towards my tuition wouldn't hurt either
I don't agree with OP, but just because a lot of people like something and it wins awards doesn't mean it's good. See: The Big Bang Theory (yes I know it's a circlejerk)
You familiar with Downton Abbey? Very srs drama show and i get way into sober. As soon as i take a hit it's the funniest shit ever
My brother threw at steel toe boot at me when I was 7 and I've had chronic nosebleeds since. Thanks asshole
Just type !showyeahs and it'll work. I don't have the bot running right now but it'll respond once I get back to work and start it again
I just finished a bot that goes through your history and returns the amount of times you've said "yeah"! It's my first time working with this kind of stuff and it turned out well.. . !showyeahs. . For those trying it out, just note that it's only set up to work in /r/Python right now.
Okay so it looks like it goes through your past 100 comments which is correct. Wasn't so sure it was working right so I went through your history manually and counted (I've said "yeah" waaay too many times to test it on myself), so thanks.
Yeah, but only in this subreddit's top 25 posts for now. If any of you would like to give it a try that'd be great but it doesn't matter. And it's really just a resume builder more than anything so I won't keep it running all the time.
What a time to be alive
In the comments section of a relatively obscure subreddit? My guess is probably not
It's not technically bad, but it just seems kinda stale to me. Also it didn't feel like the keyboard belonged in there, or at least not that particular sound.. . I do love the bass line tho, nice and groovy. The guitar work is also good.. . You said you produce hip-hop so I'm assuming lyrics will eventually go over the track and I think that would help it immensely. All in all good job I like it.
[mother of katnip](http://i.imgur.com/sFSC91L.gif)
Not real, because this KG&TLW have transcended the plane of reality into a realm that cannot be understood by mortals like us
We R E A L L Y   W I L L upvote ANYTHING!!! xD
How dare people have fun. What has this world come to
You can thank me later
I think you are on the wrong subreddit, friend
http://i.imgur.com/kZGLQCd.gif
If you had a parent like this then you would understand that it is hopeless. Believe me, I've tried. It's all liberal propaganda and pseudo-science, which is ironic because that's what I say about the BS he send me.
Lying to yourself is how you get better at things. It seems contradictory, I know, but sometimes (most of the time) your worst enemy is yourself.
This is my dream come true. My dad prefers to silently judge me and send me articles about how pot turns your brain into mush
Because it's Canada and they have relatively few black people? Why does fucking everything have to be about race?
As an American i wholeheartedly and sadly agree. . To the Americans downvoting, why don't you take an in-depth look at nearly every reddit post with a black person in it? Eventually there will be at least two people bickering back and forth over race.
!showyeahs
["Oh my lucky stars! A negro!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAd0sx3E2eI)
That's a good point, and I can honestly see why people are giving Trump's dad bod shit, but to me it's just stooping to their level. Nothing good ever comes of it
Someone else also pointed that out to me and that's a good point.
Well, don't get me wrong. Subreddits like that do serve a function. There are many people who just casually surf reddit and never comment or look at the comments, and image macros are a good way of presenting different positions to everyone. That said, they should be a way for people to get interested in political stance, then look into that position and its actually well thought out arguments further (because all political beliefs have at least decent arguments imo). Sad part is most people don't care to do that or don't have the time to.
This may sound elitist, and I've been fairly criticized for being so before, but the "masses" will never coordinate fair discussion. People develop opinions and then find the argument to support it later. We all do it.. . That said, I always try to look for the facts. I've actually changed my opinions a couple times because of well-sourced arguments on reddit. I just wish people would realize that neutral debate really is the best way to learn, but of course they just don't care.
That's true, but you can only fight misinformation with real, solid information. It may be a pipe dream but I think it's at least worth trying.
You're right, I nearly forgot about /r/fatpeoplehate. . Man, some people are just sad
Ohhh gotcha sorry
Then downvote me and move on with your life, like I give a fuck.
That's fair.
You must understand that reddit is a very popular site nowadays. The post will be seen by a great amount of people, and it surely does not present the left in a good light.
Seems like suddenly everybody on this site is okay with body shaming. I get that Donald is a body shamer as well, but nothing will ever come of being hypocritical.
What would that ever solve? People need to grow the fuck up. Both subs, and just about every political meme sub, is a cancerous shithole. There's facebook levels of ignorance going on in all of them. They're literally propaganda machines.
On my playthrough I got to 5 or so hearts first, then after that only upgraded stamina. You can cook hearty fruits to give you tons of extra hearts, and there are a lot of them. Having a good deal of stamina saved my ass many times before I complete all 4 beasts.
Happy birthday. I sincerely hope you aren't as lonely as I am tonight
Haha guess I'll bite. I wonder what the chances are.
I would like to take a moment to thank you for your devotion to our ladies in white
que? I don't think your script is working correctly xD
New goal: create boulder dropping bot
oh shit it actually worked
!showyeahs
http://i.imgur.com/DAAQxx5.gif
http://i.imgur.com/DAAQxx5.gif
No kidding, that is one of the falsest analogies I've ever seen
For those downvoting, I think mr. merchant just means that household chores should be a shared thing.
Yeah come on guys it's that easy just shell out an absolute minimum of $45 so you can pettily prove a point without confrontation.
IIRC, we cannot slander another person or something along those lines. I am really talking out of my ass here so if someone can elaborate please do.
Are you /u/missdolly87 's boyfriend
W E E D B O Y E needs some schmackos
Who cares about what people think about your hobby? As long as it isn't murdering people with an ax, just do you and be happy.
Yeah, there are plenty of good arguments for socialism, but this post is definitely not one of them.
Oh I didn't even notice you posted this in the wrong sub. Like I said in /r/Jazz, I'm gonna transcribe "Polka Dots and Moonbeams" sometime. . Edit: Well, I have some bad news. Every tab creator I found online was utter shit, and I don't have access to a printer to hand draw it out on either. Sorry everyone! Good news is, it is such a popular song that many free tabs are available online.
Hey guys. I'm going to try and transcribe "Polka Dot and Moonbeams" by sometime tonight. I'll edit this comment when I get it done. . Edit: Well, I have some bad news. Every tab creator I found online was utter shit, and I don't have access to a printer to hand draw it out on either. Sorry everyone! Good news is, it is such a popular song that many free tabs are available online.
It's okay man. Subs like these are legitimately just as toxic and echo-chambery as T_D. I've also been banned from both for some asinine shit. I don't agree with what they're saying about Michelle, but only someone who is deluded by liberal propaganda (i.e. this sub) actually thinks it is racism. There is definitely prevalent sexism in there, however.
This would go well in /r/coaxedintoasnafu 
That is actually the way it is in the NFL, I remember a /r/TIL link about it a few weeks ago. Women can play, but none can compete with the dudes for obvious reasons.
Agreed.
D O U B L E P L U S G O O D B O Y E
No kidding. You miss the most creepy stuff if you don't pay close attention, which is saying a lot.
Damn, why did you have to point that out, I can't unsee it
http://i.imgur.com/DAAQxx5.gif
I would love to see this happen OP, make it happen.. . What day are you thinking? Sundays would probably be best but I suppose it doesn't really matter that much if it gets stickied.
My favorite is the dick body dad on the far middle right
I didn't know it was "Bless you" until I was in like middle school. Always said something like "Bleshu". Never even thought about how it meant literally nothing, but I always wondered why people say weird shit when others sneeze
Reminds me of the one adult swim video. "This House Has People In It", I think? Good shit
Haha oh man this made my day
OP is a hopeless nerd, but damn I'm gonna steal crotch-fruit that shit is hilarious
Every intelligent teenager (and also many unintelligent ones, but less so) goes through the born in the wrong generation phase at some point. I did too, and it was critical to developing the tastes I now have and cherish as an adult. Never be afraid to speak your mind, even if it does come off as a little douchey. The trick is to A) don't overdo it and B) grow out of it eventually. Don't worry about it kiddo, you do you
Yeah it is, no one who owns a grinder like that doesn't know what that is [6]
Oh, okay. Good defense.
I would like you to name a single radical Islam attack in the United States that has happened since the travel ban was first put into effect. Conversely, I could point out a few instances of radical right wingers who have killed innocent people for no reason, and obviously there was the radical left winger this past week. None were Muslims. If you would like me to link the articles, I can, but I'm sure you know what I'm talking about if you've been on reddit's front page in the past few months.. . I agree with you on Affirmative Action, I hate that shit.
I'm talking about the Muslim ban, not illegal aliens, which I actually support the deportation of. He literally called it a ban, and it was purposefully denying entry of one particular religion to the United States. That is the most un-American thing I can think of.. . Care to defend his magnitude of inappropriate sexual behaviors and quotes?
Obama also didn't try to ban white rural blue collared guys from entering the United States. He also never said he would date his daughter if she wasn't his daughter. I would bring up more examples, but they're easy to find and I think you get my point.. . I never agreed with many of the decisions Obama made, and I disagree with even more of Trump's, but Obama was always a class act. Trump will never live up to him, and he does not deserve my respect.
The animation is nice, but how many people will actually look at the animation?. . The logo is the only thing most people will see, and it sucks.
Ahh, I didn't know about the financial troubles he had in business. That explains it, thanks
$600,000 ($75,000 multiplied by his term, 8 years) is more than enough to keep you from living in poverty, especially back in the 50's. I don't feel I need to source that claim, it seems like common sense to me.. . And wouldn't any Presidential expenses be paid by the government?
where im from, each citizen gets their very own pupper pile. of course it is usually limited to 4-6 puppers, this w o m a n has done a heckin bamboozle to get this many
O U T W A R D B O Y E
Why was he so poor after leaving office? Did he not save any money he earned as President?
Most edibles are shit, unless you live in a legal state or make them yourself. It took me too long to learn this lesson.
Where can I buy this?
It is "drawl" fyi
Satire of those facebook posts that are shared by middle aged Christian women
He charged them ;)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsGRNMLR3rg. . Lol I've never heard of this before, but this shit is hilarious
You are very welcome. Pay the favor forward by playing beautiful music!
Instead of having to be entertained, just let yourself be bored. It's not inherently bad, and swimming is a very mental sport anyway.
I love it, nice work
You would strum/pluck the bottom three, or in some cases two, strings (the G, C, and E strings) and play the melody on either the A or E string. It is much easier to do on guitar because of its greater range, but it's possible on the uke. . . For example, for the first bar of this song, you would start out by strumming the Em chord, since the melody begins with a B and that's part of the chord anyway. Then, don't touch the bottom 3 strings again and continue to play the melody on the A string. The melody in this case would be the 2^nd fret, then the 5^th , then the 7^th , the 2^nd again, and finally the 3^rd on the E string.. . Now you just gotta figure out how to play the rest of the melody on your uke and you're golden. As you get better at this, you can do more complicated stuff with the bottom 3/2 strings while playing the melody. But you'll figure that out once you get bored with the basic stuff like this.
Yeah good point. Video games are weird
So why is the old testament still in the Bible if it is irrelevant?
Huh. This really is a small subreddit
Check my account, not exactly haha. I usually just expect better from smaller subreddits like this that are geared towards improving at a craft.. . Also how the hell did you find this post after 4 days
Well, you should follow Leviticus because it's in the Bible. If you're going to worship a holy text, then you can't ignore an entire book of it. Unless, of course, it was written by man and not by God, a statement which contradicts the Christian belief.. . If I am wrong on any of these point just let me know, I don't know a whole lot about the Bible but I was raised a Christian.
It's only funny to hate on veganism if you're 14 years old
So it's all bullshit, I think I got it
I remember a certain 2006 Sonic game that did the same. It didn't do so well.... . Edit: It was a joke, I do not actually think a major Nintendo game could possibly be as bad as Sonic '06 lol
What a time to be alive
/r/NeutralPolitics . . Go crazy. A meme subreddit isn't really the place for a comment like this
Kids are fucks
It was pretty clearly another joke
Chill out. It's still an informative comment.
In fact, people often respect you where I'm from because they realize what goes into the sport. Plus girls love the swimmer body
That's awesome man. Better late than never, I believe in you
That's unfortunate. Like I said, only very occasionally does it become a positive thing, even without physical violence. I imagine my case is in the minority, and I'm pretty sure it only happened the way it did because I was and still am a big, tall fellow compared to my peers.
Yet, you're still responding to me. Why not spend this time responding to my questions, which would have actually contributed to a good discussion? I thought we were having a good discussion, you don't have to resort to insults. I can see you are a very immature person.
I'm not upset. And clearly you're not busy, or else you wouldn't bother to take the time to tell me you're busy.
You're only saying that because you realize your claims that I was elitist are unfounded and rather stupid and you can't defend them. Or maybe I'm wrong. I'll never know because you don't owe me your time.
You didn't address any of the other questions I asked you.
Social bullying is occasionally good. I was fat in elementary school and got bullied for it, so I got my shit together and became fit, and I still am. I am thankful for my bullies, but I also never got beat up.
You're right, I changed my argument. But, as I said, I didn't mean the term literally, a fact which you can't seem to understand.. . What is elitist about the first two paragraphs? I literally do not understand why you would think that -- do you think I'm wrong about the point I made in the first paragraph? And of course the last one was elitist, I even said I don't agree with it and it was just food for thought, so I really don't know what else you want me to say. You can entertain an idea without believing in it.. . Additionally, just because something is elitist does not mean it is inherently wrong. Rather than just calling me elitist, how about you refute my argument?. . >this cartoon in this particular post only requires the vaguest of understandings of UK politics to understand without labels.. . Okay, sure, maybe for a person currently living in Europe. Do you think that the average Taiwanese labourer knows jack shit about UK politics? No, but the labels would help him/her to understand. Also, would you have ever guessed its meaning if it were in a textbook 100 years from now? Most people probably would not, especially not non-academics. That's the point I'm trying to make.
Nope, wrong. All I said was that labeling benefits the general population, where academics often don't really need it because they generally have more experience and a better understanding of it. This is not elitist, it's logical. If you think that the average layman has the same political understanding as the average political science graduate, then you are delusional.. . Regardless, what you think I was suggesting couldn't be further from the truth, and I don't really know where you extrapolated that interpretation from. I only used "college educated" as a catch-all term for anyone who knows politics well, but I can see why you thought otherwise. . . All that said, perhaps political engagement *should* only be for people who actually know what they're talking about, because maybe then a leader who caters to the uneducated masses like Trump wouldn't ever be elected. (I do not actually think this, just food for thought.)
Spicy shit is the bomb when you're high. That said, that is one spicy ass philly
Lol seriously. And the sad fact is, if he had campaigned for Trump, he would probably be despised, not that that would ever happen. I can't understand people who base how much they like people on politics.
Please explain to me how it was insulting.. . I don't recall trying to make a point, unless you're talking about my original comment.
... It's insulting? Okay. I think you know what I meant. . . And yes you're right, you don't need a college education to not be retarded. It just helps.
how was it my man
I hate this shit. Clearly OP was just trying to say that, in the future history textbooks, the labelling will be needed to understand the meaning the cartoon has. Even then, if you are not from Europe or following current politics, the labelling is needed. It's not for the college educated redditor, this is for the general population.
Gargantuan zebra
It's possible to get better at timing. I was pretty trash at it too until I got more experience, that's what playing video games is all about. But hey I'm not here to tell people how to murder virtual mythical creatures
They're super easy for me now, you jist need high power weapons. The key is to deflect his hits with your shield by pressing A. And if you get a headshot with an arrow he'll lay down for a couple seconds, you gotta mount that bitch then. You can hit him like 5 times doing that.
LOL
I don't even disagree with him, I just downvoted to try for a record.. . What *is* the record?
hey its me ur grandpa
Comment mentioning how the bot has appropriately done its job and has pleased me.
[T E M P T A T I O N B O Y E](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-_wSOFsxIjWU/V1SIb8uSg5I/AAAAAAAABQs/N1qQ9S1tNaUE-FtDyQJSLK5XtHDsJccUwCKgB/s1600/Pug_dog.jpg)
Why don't more devs use Python? Is it just too slow, or is it a memory management thing?
Comment that gets downvoted for no reason. . Edit: ironic
Glad he decided to cut the hair.
Send emails to the coaches of where you're looking at. Be sure to include your best times and your transcript, because they'll probably want to look at grades too. . . What division are you hoping to go into?
*Comment that points out that this post is meta*
p o t i o n b o y e. give me a listen. am going to battle and i want only your S T R O N G E S T P O T I O N S
Lol, you are delusional if you actually believe that. Even the worst fourth string NFL quarterback is still in the top .0001% (probably smaller than that tbh) of all quarterbacks, including male quarterbacks who are just a step below them. There's no chance that a female could compete with any of them, and if you think so, then you don't know jack shit about football.
Nah, Madden is a normie game they don't fuck with that
Haha was that before or after she got the shit beat out of her by another woman?
No kidding. It's laughable that people are even trying to argue with this shit. Even the most physically undemanding positions in football require physical strength that a woman is not capable of.
I doubt that any woman, or even the vast majority of men, could ever throw as precise or as far as Tom Brady. Physical ability absolutely matters.
Happens to me too. I get a little high but it's not as good as the first time that night. It's better to just go to bed and not waste the dank.
There are no Buzzes in my smoking group, only Woodys.
you never know man, you never know. just follow your dreams . . .
Gotta love it when peeps are downvoted for having an opinion lol
That's fair, I see where you're coming from
That's fair. Still, it's a hell of a lot harder to do without a map to navigate with.
>I've seen it written many times that a person's shoes are an expression of their sexuality. . Lol what? Whatever you say Dr. Freud
/r/dankmemes is where the 14 y/o subscribers of /r/Imgoingtohellforthis go when they turn 15
You got a point there.
Sky dildos? You mean United Airlines?
I didn't *not* like it, but yeah it was definitely a deviation into much simpler (albeit more catchy) music. The first two albums were so unique and musical, but Currents always felt like something I could produce myself.
A lot of people in here are wondering why, but it seems pretty clear to me that OP just wanted a good challenge. Not much more to it fellas
Guess what, everything is pointless
Wait, so defending your argument means that you doubt your own argument? Huh? He's not even overly defensive or anything...
Oh my
Thank you.
Thank god for that bug then. Even with the hud off I hate those fucking voices. Especially the goron one. Get your retarded ass voice out of my game. Jesus Christ.
You're a hero, thanks!
Not sure what gp6 is, but if you have the tab I'll take it in whatever form is best.
Sure, if you think that the upvote memes are good.. . By the way, does my response to the mod's response to my comment actually appear? I'm pretty sure I've been shadowbanned. I'm gonna assume I'm right unless you reply..
Focus less on speed and more on technique, that's what practice is for. That said, even if you go very hard you shouldn't be experiencing what you are now, talk to your coach and/or doctor about it.
Lol I'm not a heartless bastard. The point is, we shouldn't have to give money to a charity for the mods to improve the subreddit, which is what the mods here (and in every subreddit) are supposed to do in the first place. I get that this is just a meme sub, but come on. It's ridiculous.. . inb4 "You've been banned from participating in /r/me_irl". . e: There's no votes on this whatsoever despite my previous comment being at least +20. Thanks for the shadow ban assholes.
So we have to pay money for you people to make the subreddit better.
That is really cool, thanks
Wait, what is all of that .     In [#]:. stuff? Never seen it before.
Yeah don't worry about too much. Also I should clarify -- the last fight was only boring from a difficulty point of view. As an emotional catharsis it was pretty dope.
I beat ganon right after the 4 beasts. The game doesn't get any more boring, and you can even go back and fight him again if you want. I never will because the fight was boring as shit.
Shit man you must know a lot about quantum mechanics
>Jesus Christ people are so retarded. . That's more like it. Also that means you're retarded too. Welcome to the club.. . http://imgur.com/f9FW2
So it's all bullshit. I think I understand.
"Healthy"? "Liver"? Does not compute
You have got to be kidding me. I'll edit it but somehow I doubt it'll be added back.
Do you guys realize you're basically the same as [insert popular opposing subreddit here]? Just look at this post, complete with the obnoxious, bolded propaganda by a mod. How exactly do you think fighting stupidity with stupidity will work out?. . And if this comment is deleted you're only proving my point.
Thanks dude I really appreciate all the work you did here.. . I gotta say, before reading this, I was fully against Trump's withdrawal from the accord. After, I'm not so sure. I still largely disagree with the decision because of the political message it sends to other developed nations (that the U.S. as an entity has the environment as a low priority). However, I can see the reasoning behind it from an isolationist and economic perspective.. . I don't think that the current administration will spend even a dime of those $3 billion dollars saved for the purpose of bettering the environment, and there is no indication that they will do so (correct me if I'm wrong). That, to me, is severely short-sided and inexcusable.
I reeeaaally want the tab for this one
Jeez, that's actually really horrible. But yeah, I won't lie, it did ruin the game *a little bit* for me. Everything else about the game is so good and replayable that I can ignore the easiness of one boss fight.
If any sources are provided, this will change my opinion of the withdrawal from the accord. That said, how much is $3 billion in all honesty? It's literally about .0007% of the 2015 federal budget, which is $3.8 trillion. https://www.nationalpriorities.org/budget-basics/federal-budget-101/spending/. . So why not just stay in the Accord? How much power does signing it really give other countries over the U.S.? 
Yeah, I don't have much to criticize about the game, but the final boss fight, even his second form, was just way too easy. Like, I don't expect Dark Souls level difficulty from a Zelda game but there's no doubt I would have breezed through as a kid too.
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/431/514/258.jpg
Y. 
I wasn't going to say that, but I'm glad to learn that so many people were going to say that.
Sure but what if she actually is a terrible person
Go back to 2012
The only pairs of friends I've had who actually check up on each regularly are Pakistanis and couples.
>The girl smiles but Norman didn't notice because Norman looks down immediately when this happens. . These Norman stories are getting too real
This whole thread is just making me wish I played this game when I was 6. Oh well, Ocarina was pretty good too
Might wanna reconsider the triple parentheses
Huh Aint that some shit
Just thought it was a legit question dude why bother downvoting me for missing a joke
No pepe is pronounced Peh-pay.. . Source: been on the internet too long
Also played a factor in the bloomer dropping
Never have I ever found a better example of reddit overanalyzing the shit out of something.
Step 1: strawman. . Step 2: call opponet baseless insult. . You are now a moderator of /r/The_Donald
No, not exactly. They're both corrupt in their own uniquely horrifying way.
Man, i upvoted your original comment because it actually made sense -- still don't know why it was downvoted; are you people so preoccupied with hating the current administration that you can't admit the DNC is just as corrupt?. . But this comment made no sense. Literally just think about it. Hitler got elected, did he not?
I dont think they're trying to be deep. Just making obversations about the world
I don't disagree, but I don't think that everyone is like this. There are many selfless people out there who just get overshadowed by headlines such as this.
I believe that he is implying that the only reason that the father shouldn't have looked up is if he was watching porn. Idk
... what?
Holy shit, now that I think about it, I can't blame them either. If I had watched the episode before 2016, I also would have thought it to be too implausible. But that's essentially what happened in America: as a result of getting fed up with status-quo politicians, we elected a man who was entertaining to watch, but with no real agenda besides giving the people what they want in order to get elected.. . Can somebody wake me up from this nightmare?
Okay, I agree with everything you've said. Still don't see how he was defending big tobacco or cancer, would you mind explaining your reasoning behind your assertion there?. . And sorry for calling you dense that was uncalled for.
Lol he wasn't defending big tobacco or dismissing cancer, just stating facts in order to clear up any confusion. How are you this dense?. . That said I would like to see a source on the claims.
If you've got an ear for it, playing jazz without theory knowledge isn't so hard.. . Now, playing *good* jazz, other the other hand...
That's just not true. Have you been on reddit in the past two years?
Don't bop it.
Odd.
Can't what
[S T O R K B O Y E](http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/128/590x/stork-591694.jpg)
I understand what you mean man, I don't think he's ever taken acid. Not that that's a bad thing.
Fuck yes thank you
Why is everyone on this sub so opposed to Trump releasing his taxes? Like, if he is such an amazing human being, then what is there to be scared of? Or you just don't want to face the reality that your candidate is an actual evil retard?
has a significant impact on society if universally agreed upon
Today Priscilla and I stopped by some local newspapers as we drove through Alabama. One editor I met with was an elderly man in a tattered suit. I said to him, "You look like you need some money, old timer. I'll pay you 10 thousand dollars to eat one of those newspapers." He had a good laugh at that. "Why are you laughing?" I continued. "Eat the paper. Eat it or I swear to god I'll buy your newspaper and turn it into an anime fanzine. If you don't start munching on that sport section right now, you'll be writing articles about Naruto till you're cold in the grave. I'm a billionaire, you think anyone will stop me?" It took him 42 minutes to eat that paper. For 42 minutes I had total power over that man. I'd never felt more alive. I bet that's what being president feels like.
What a time to be alive.
Hey sorry for the late response, but I've been busy with a lot of bullshit lately. I likely won't try to do anything about this any time soon, but when/if I do, I hope you're still willing to answers any questions whenever.. . Thank you so much for the detailed response, you're a great help.
This really disorganized my comments section
Today Priscilla and I stopped by some local newspapers as we drove through Alabama. One editor I met with was an elderly man in a tattered suit. I said to him, "You look like you need some money, old timer. I'll pay you 10 thousand dollars to eat one of those newspapers." He had a good laugh at that.. "Why are you laughing?" I continued. "Eat the paper. Eat it or I swear to god I'll buy your newspaper and turn it into an anime fanzine. If you don't start munching on that sport section right now, you'll be writing articles about Naruto till you're cold in the grave. I'm a billionaire, you think anyone will stop me?". It took him 42 minutes to eat that paper. For 42 minutes I had total power over that man. I'd never felt more alive. I bet that's what being president feels like.
Haha np. It frustrates me when people stick to their guns despite contrary scientific evidence. Really just comes down to which one you value more: knowledge, or your ego.
Well yeah, no shit. I am missing the joke.
One of my favorite solo jazz standards is "In Your Own Sweet Way", and it's a perfect piece to get somebody started on jazz guitar imo. I found the tab awhile ago by just googling it. Wes Montgomery's version is my favorite for guitar.
Oh okay. How does that go with the sub's theme tho? Besides the shitty ms paint that is
Haha. I'm just here from /r/all. I don't really think this sub has that kind of narrative though; some people may think so, but as a whole I think most people here are smart enough not to think along those lines.
I smoked every day for a year and I have not seen any change in weight. Maybe you should stop eating?
What world do you live in where men still have all the responsibility for the family and children? Women hold no responsibility? Are you retarded?
Okay, I had never heard of the Tender Years Doctrine before, so thank you. That said, in the scope of human history, would you not agree that 1839/73 is still a very recent development?. . And I see your point concerning your last question. I think we're in agreement here.
Fair enough.
Why do you italicize all of your comments
Can someone explain this one to me
http://i.imgur.com/DpQ9YJl.jpg. . e: No, but really, at least give me a reason why you think it is the case. I'd like to hear your logic on this.
Ooooohhh brother
no dont
Idk why you're getting downvoted. Do you guys really think that women had any say in where their kids went before they even got the right to vote? Lol. . e: Should have edited this earlier, but I was proved wrong. Women did have a say, but only starting in 1873 because of the Tender Years Doctrine. Thanks /u/all-round-good-egg
http://i.imgur.com/DAAQxx5.gif
I don't know enough about dog assholes to refute this, so I'll believe it
There's something about that look
Seems fair
It's both... Do you still see people doing the whole doge thing?. .     wow    .         much fad. 
Damn that sounds like a blast. I need a vacation to Colorado
I wish I could get high with my dad...
I did not know that, thanks
That's fair, I've never had the chance to try legal edibles. But yeah, that's exactly how I feel, except edibles have never made me get above a [5] or so. It could very well be that I was just ripped off. Either way I don't fuck with them anymore.
10 months ago, so yeah still after the 'doggo' fad started I think
https://media.giphy.com/media/SpDtRW5MJLzbO/giphy.gif
No, that's not what I mean at all. I mean they hardly do anything to me. Smoking tolerance absolutely effects how edibles work, lol are you kidding?
It's too bad you were late to the party, thank you for the informative comment
I've never had a good experience from an edible. In non-legal states you might as well just burn $10
See how you go straight to strawmanning and insults? So much for a good conversation, but I don't know what I expected from this sub. But hey, you got upvotes right? Enjoy your echo chamber.
Dude yeah totally got me well said
I have lost more hope in humanity, not because of the story itself, caused by a single perpetrator (and numerous bystanders), but rather because of the vile, racist comments that are all over the comments section. Grow the fuck up people. No wonder nobody takes you seriously.
If it was staged, then why did they completely cover up the face of the dude on the right? Staged photos wouldn't have that.
That's what happened to me on my very first trip. I legit thought I was dying. Scary stuff. Would do again
"This argument is not going my way. Better call my opposition immature kids so I don't have to explain my hopelessly flawed viewpoint."
*What Do You Buy The Children Of The Terrorist Who Tried To Kill Your Wife?*. . It was an excellent read. He really goes into detail about what caused the attack and how he dealt with the trauma afterwards. Very good insights into the Israel/Palestine conflict.
Exactly. Terrorists, which I bet most people equate with being evil, don't just blindly blow themselves up because they're sraight up evil people or because someone told them to. I recently read a book in which a survivor of a terrorist attack researches the perpetrator and comes to the slow realization that he was a man with family and friends who had been repeatedly abused by the Israeli army and fell victim to propaganda. Of course, that doesn't mean what he did was morally correct, but one could see the reason behind what he did. IIRC the terrorist genuinly apologized to the victims as well.
Haha. How would you have done it?
if i had one wish. . i aks for big enough ass. . for whole world to kiss
[C H I L L B O Y E](http://www.lovethispic.com/uploaded_images/64869-Dog-In-The-Snow.jpg)
Thank you.
Do you mean sativa, or is salvia a real thing?
It's a joke. A "meme", some would even say
It's a joke. A "meme", some would even say
whomst'd've
So you don't think the difference lied in the fact that Obama is a Democrat? I mean, look at how partisan politics are in the U.S. This isn't the first time that GOP politicians supported Republicans on one issue and went against Democrats when they did the exact same thing. Democrats support Democrats, and Republicans support Republicans. That's the way it's been for a long time. Why should this issue be any different? So maybe it's not a race thing, but rather a partisan thing.. . And just to clarify, I don't think there wasn't any racism towards Obama, but I don't think it's the cause of this particular issue.
Do you really think being witty can get you out of answering a question? You're not impressing anybody. Please, tell me how this conflict specifically is in any way related to race.
Oh wow, look at you, you're so smart. So instead of actually answering my question, you go straight to insulting my intelligence. I guess I probably also hate black people too, huh? Grow up.
Do you honestly think that this is a race issue, of all things?
I also did the camel first. Gerudo just happened to be the first guardian town i came across while i was aimlessly wandering
Well, fat guys get them a lot too lol. If you're neither then yeah probably not a whole lot going on unless you got the genetics for them
I downvoted all you guys and now i feel bad. Downvote me too i deserve it
No. Athletic dudes often get stretch marks from muscle building. I have some on my shoulders and lower back and they are very visible. Ive also seen them in the whole upper leg region on others.
Side note: some people just call everyone dude, dude. What's the point in getting offended?
Even as a prolific stoner I feel this is a dangerous ideology to have. Obviously this is just a joke but I hope you all have real hobbies
Listen to this guy, he's an expert. The amount of schooling it takes to become a hyper memer is unfathomable to most
The only other time I've seen behavior like this, both absenthe and weed were involved
Seen this pic a million times but your comment made me actually laugh at it
How do you get the damage up on weapons? I've only found that one fairy fountain for armor is there another one for weaponsG??
I practically collect those reinforced lizal boomerangs. Still early in the game but they've proven to be pretty useful
Good to know. I'll probably stick to plain ol' water tho
Has anyone here tried to put another liquid in instead? Like I've always wanted to try like apple juice or some shit but I have a feeling it would be dangerous
Solid point I don't know how I didn't think of that
Haha, it was the original Xbox. We also played the Genesis a bunch before we got it if that makes you feel younger
Youre not wrong but I would still feel like a fraud
I wouldn't, how else would i get a perfect reason to wear a badass eyepatch
I always loved this shit because then I could blackmail my brother into giving me his time on the Xbox
/r/nothingeverhappens
Btw it's psychological. Not that I care just letting you know
Well good for fucking you
Oh okay thanks
I swam for 10 years. Wtf is 6bk and 2bk?
Okay. It wasn't specified in the post and the majority of reddit is male. Sorry
I get what you're saying and I agree, but this thread is making way too big of a deal about it.
Dude is 13, who the fuck cares? What important information has he got to protect? He'll learn to take better care once there is actually a point in doing so
Cool, have a nice day
Dude, you don't get what I'm saying at all. I'm not saying that you shouldn't care for others and hate your family. I think everyone has a duty to make each other's lives as good as possible and make society better.. . Take a death of a loved one for example. If my grandma died, I would probably be borderline depressed for some time. But then I would face the facts: they're gone, and that's that. They are now stardust. Recognizing this is important I think.. . If you disagree with me, that's fine. You do you, and I'll do me.
How is apathy immature? Some people, including me and OP, simply go through life and eventually arrive at the conclusion that nothing really matters. We are smart apes floating on a rock through space. I'm all for human progress and all, but there's no denying that eventually the human race will die out, we will be forgotten, and nothing we accomplished during our time will be relevant  during the death of the universe. So why should care about some bullshit debate about made up things? I'd rather sip my coffee and watch netflix. Leave me alone, my lack of faith is none of your business.
That sounds awesome dude I would love to join. I could play just about every evening after 6 PM depending on studies. I am new and would have to learn though.
Hi there - not OP but I'm also new and looking for a group. I'm open to anything and everything and I'm willing to learn, so I would love to join your sever
I'm also new and looking for a group. Please lmk if anything comes of this
I am a brand new player but I wouldn't mind joining if you wouldn't mind teaching a noob
Not even the highest caliber olympic athlete tries as hard as this meme does
Also no kids
Don't you know how easy it is to make a billion dollars? Fuckin troglodyte
Exactly right. Many people think that all of Ancient Greece was the birthplace of democracy and free thought etc. etc., but that was only Athens and a few other small and less influential city-states. Sparta was a military-dominated and authoritarian society with a slave population far exceeding the number of citizens, but yeah they had great hoplites.
Yeah, good point. The numbers I mentioned only included the warriors.
Yeah, that's true. IIRC he greatly exaggerated the number of Persians that the Greeks were battling by a factor of ten or something similar to that to make the Greek victory seem more impressive.
This is mostly correct. Read Herodotus' *Histories* this past fall and they had 300 Spartans, a few hundred Thebans, and somewhere around 1000 Thespians.. . Edit: I know some of you are joking about the Thespians (lol), but they were from a city-state appropriately called Thespiae
stop
But why??
Actually though. My fourth grade teacher was a piece of shit and made that year miserable for me. First time I ever got below a B >:0
It's definitely better but I still think the core message behind it is very childish and nave. Maybe it's just me
ALL of us are spiritually enlightened 10 year olds on this blessed day :)
You shouldn't have to smoke in order to enjoy music imo. Sure it enhances but if it's bad sober then imma pass
Underrated comment
No, most people are not 10 years old or spiritually enlightened
It feels like every post on tumblr is written by a spiritually enlightened 10 year old.
What a time to be alive.
Your championship meet should have pads. Once you're there, practice starts using the handlebars and see how you like it. If it works, it works. If not, go back to the wall, nbd. It'll make a bit of a difference I think.
Mitt Romney. 
test 123
Hmmm
Your situation, which is unfortunate, is similar to my own; please accept my sincere gratitude.
This really minimized my hands.
Correct, that is without a doubt The Senate
Well, you were right -- started it up in legacy mode and it worked perfectly. Thanks
I haven't tried legacy mode yet but I will and report back.. . I have an MSI Dominator laptop.. . Also, I looked around the sub a bit more and it seems I'm not the only one with a problem similar to this, so I'm pretty sure it was just the 2.10 release that's got me fucked up. Are you having any problems?
Yeah, I'm with you. Can't get past "Loading, please wait...". . This was my first time using TAILS too, so I thought it was just me and spent so much time trying to figure it out until I found this sub. 
How is shit like this even made into a meme
It's okay dude reddit doesn't have a 140 character limit
Not bullshit. In fact, some cultures still harvest this chin skin and consume it as "tofu"
All female australian cattledogs have a fleshy structure growing out of their chins, which can expand and surround the entire dog's body in flesh for better desert camouflage. Male cattledogs do not have this because they live in another climate; the two genders simply have a yearly mating ritual where the desert meets the rolling plains of Australia.
Seriously that's a crime against humanity
I agree 100%. This is actually what i try to tell my frients but they usually give me the cold shoulder
Okay.
You chose a perfect day to be late
This is all great to know, thanks a ton
Okay, awesome. Thanks to both of you!
So the first 'ele' keyword is just signifying that the element will be appended if the conditions are met?
A living meme, dude. Every now and then the realization hits me and it's just hilarious to me.
You can't choose when to fall in love bro. Believe me I've tried lol. Love at first sight can happen.
Affirmative
You're 13 and a swimmer? I have a good diet for you: See it? Eat it.
The main thing I learned to improve my breastroke was to keep it compact and quick.  A lot of people do these big sweeping movements for both the kick and pull and that isn't very efficient and wastes more energy than you think.
Khajiit has wares if you have the coin.
There's a lot of those kind of videos on pornhub.com
That's just the new sonic, classic sonic had tan arms.
What is a cross draw?
The fact that I can interpret this as meaningful is just sad
Are you trying to tell me not everyone likes the same music you do? Absurd
They are always a little awkward at first, but once you get used to them you'll wonder how you ever wore jammers in the first place. As for not feeling self-conscious, you just gotta know that no one really gives a shit about what you wear -- and if they do they can honestly go fuck themselves. Do's are great!
I'm just fuckin with you friendo, I know what you meant. But *do* you like metal tho??
3? Welcome to reddit btw
That's pretty metal no wonder youre a Satanist
hows ur family
He does deserve it, you're right. I wish I could become a cat and get hugged by a big friendly human. Maybe in the next life
He is a person just like you and me dammit! Nah but for real I am by myself tonight. Maybe I will hug my upstairs neighbor...
Haha. Does my cat count?
Dope thanks
Can I get an nana internet hug please?
Just curious, why does your family not like you? That's so shitty. At least your niece is chill
This is a subreddit for internet memes, if there's anywhere a low effort comment is acceptable it's here
Yeah, it took them a dickyear to even start the cooking. Plus the jokes honestly weren't that great. But i would still totally watch it stoned
http://www.vh1.com/shows/martha-snoops-potluck-dinner-party/episode-guide
Swimming is great for people with injuries. Even as a college swimmer I was able to keep doing workouts with a broken finger. Though it all depends on how bad your injuries are obviously
This was beautiful, thanks for sharing.
Music has been written for weirder things. Ignore the haters, OP
Yeah, I see that comment in every controversial thread. It's honestly more annoying than the comments themselves.
It was that and /r/SuperShibe
it was eight minutes, six seconds, and eighth tenths of one more second.
this is an interesting question.
So if you save all your fucks from a young age, what happens? What can old people with a full bank of fucks give a fuck about?
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d6/8b/29/d68b2958cbc8d7482f72cce0cb7d5e9f.jpg
yeah this is way better, thanks
i don't disagree but i also don't give a shit
sorry pal looks like you didn't meme quite fast enough
what's a doggo
Plenty of kids grow up with horrible parents, but only a fraction turn into criminals because of that. Although parents do of course have a huge impact on how their child acts, I think it's still 100% the responsibility of the offender if they murder or rape another person. They are making a conscious choice and know the consequences.
[when that skooma just right](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/079/204/2c1.png)
How about that.
That caught me way off guard hahahah
I image it as more of a hhhiiiighgghggeeeeehehhehehehe
Gold diggers. Plus half the battle of getting laid is being suave, you can be a decently attractive guy and still not get laid if you don't know how to talk to girls.
Haha true and also it shows that you can work through some very tough and complex problems.
ASL = Age/Sex/Location. Used in omegle and shit
haha good one
dear damadawf,. . i assure you that Dr. skyhalk meant only to help, skyhalk is a good person.. . thanks
M
/u/Trollabot moldyxorange
I just searched wlan optimizer windows 8 on google and the same program comes up on one of the first links.
Holy shit, either it fixed itself or that dl fixed it! Thank you so much!
I run windows 8. It's made only for vista, 7, and xp it seems.. . Edit: Nevermind I found a version for 8. I'll try it out. 
Haha I always do, or else my ping runs way too high.
Yes. My router is 802.11ac and my adapter is wireless-n/a/ac. I believe that they should work together well.
Lol. I am locally renowned as a drinking master. 
Hey, you should check out [Pixel Clouds](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bitmastro.pixelcloud&hl=en). Similar to this, except it's animated and you can adjust stuff like the number of clouds and speed. Also changes with time of day. Pretty neat.. . It doesn't have the music controls or google thingy though, which are pretty dope.
Jeez. I'm actually a guy, if you must know. [Proof](http://gyazo.com/393278d12c8d9739ab17c04ef7914425) (sorry it's so dark). I do not hate men.. . However, you are in fact a sexist, based on your radically misguided perception of women.
I think you are either 15 or 50, because you're hopelessly out of touch with reality and I think debating beyond this point will help neither of us.. . That said, I hope someone somewhere eventually convinces you that women aren't just tools to help men reproduce (I realize you didn't say that, but that's just the general vibe I'm getting from you). I also hope that nobody downvotes you based solely on your opinion, because your comments did add to the discussion and weren't completely unreasonable.
Oh boy, here we go.. . Obviously, between a man and a woman, most things physical are to be left out. However, that's not due to the actual talent or skill of either gender, but genetic differences. But you probably already know this.. . Here's some:. . 1. Martina Navratilova, who was a tennis player from 1975 to 1994. For 20 straight years, she was ranked in the worlds top 10 in singles tennis, which no other player of either sex has matched. Her records are still unmatched by male or female players.. . 2. Lila Wallace, who founded the popular magazine *Reader's Digest*, which was the number one US consumer magazine for most of its existence, and is today still the number one magazine in the world with a paid circulation of well over 10 million.. . 3. Diana Nyad, who is the only athlete ever to swim from Cuba to Florida, a distance of 110 miles. It was in 2013, and she was 64 at the time.. . 4. Oprah Winfrey, who you probably already know. She was the first black billionaire, man or woman.. . 5. Marie Curie, who became the first person ever to win a Nobel prize in two different fields, physics and chemistry. She discovered the first 2 known radioactive substances, Radium and Polonium.. . If that's not enough, I could probably name a few more. Clearly I had to research them first, but I could have named the last 3 of those from the top of my head.
You are not a very good troll, but I have a feeling that at least one person will take you seriously.
Or better yet, download [more wam](http://downloadmorewam.com/wam.mp4)
I just got this in the mail and I'm super excited to give it a listen. The artwork is as amazing as ever and the clear gold looks glorious.
Don't cut yourself on that edge.
While that may be true for some, I think that's a pretty large generalization. Teacher's don't choose a shit salary because they don't care about the students. I'm not defending OP or your teachers, but most are not concerned only with standardized test scores.
I feel like I just rewatched the ending of Cowboy Bebop.
Nevermind, it was just a bad attempt at a joke.
Not with that attitude.
Awesome.
The ankle is an odd place to put a bow.
I also read it all. It's okay, everyone fucks up. Everyone does it a lot. So don't feel to bad.
I just use the calendar on my laptop, so it would be quite difficult to rip a page out of it. However, my parents just flip the page like you do. Hope that helps.
That's why I mostly stick to niche subreddits where discussion is for the most part open. <200,000 subscribers is pretty much the limit for me.
That really is odd. If you want though, I could invite you to my hypothetical wedding where I'll marry someone who I don't know yet.
> there's a fairly decent chance that some cunt in 2903 is gonna dig up something I've designed. . Haha, I love that. Very true though. If you don't mind me asking, what kind of stuff do you design?
That's pretty cool. Has it stopped yet?
Stick with it man. I can't say that I know what you're going through, but I know that you'll make it out fine. Sorry for your loss.
I'm late to the party, but I disagree. I think that one has three deaths: the first two you mentioned, plus whenever the good you did for humanity and when the positive impacts you put on other people's lives runs out. And that can last for a very long time.
Also known as the "theory of almost everything", the standard model concerns the interactions between electromagnetic, weak, and strong nuclear forces in subatomic particles. It's the closest we've gotten to a complete theory of fundamental interactions, which also incorporates gravitation as described by general relativity and the accelerating expansion of the universe (dark energy).. . If you take high school physics and learn about electromagnetic, weak, and strong forces then you'll have a greater understanding of what all this means. I am by no means an expert, but I have a general idea having taken physics I and II.. . Sources: [CERN](http://home.web.cern.ch/about/physics/standard-model) and Wikipedia
https://i.imgur.com/8we8PVd.jpg
Very true.
Ah, I totally see why you wouldn't then. Like you said, the craftsmanship that went into it is just about flawless, based on what I can see in your pics. You spent the dough, so obviously you decide its purpose. I am just jealous, haha.
Very nice grab. However, I really hope you plan on spinning that... records are meant to be listened to, man! Also, I like how it shows how it calculated the price.
Happy birthday! 
Alright, I'll make sure to look that up.
Okay, thanks for the advice. What is ohp?
Spot fat reduction noted. Do you have any critique for me though?
Wow, you just summed up quite beautifully what I couldn't express using my own words. Thanks for the reply.
This brings me a strange feeling of peace. Could anyone perhaps explain why?
It works for me just fine - it might just be your connection or something.
This is awesome.
bilboxswaggins
Just start spamming her random pictures of Bill Nye.
Doofus, you probably just touched the grooves with your fingers. Hipsters these days, I swear.
I got it directly from Jaden Smith's twitter.
[Source](http://dorrismccomics.com/post/89679206628)
Brah why you hatin on plastic
I just watched The Way Way Back and also loved it. I never thought I could manage to genuinely hate Steve Carrell.
Oh man, your poor dogs!. . I honestly have no idea what she was reacting to. We have had her for eight years and she hasn't suffered any sort of allergic reaction before.
Yeah, that was irresponsible on my part. I went to emergency vet and the doctor said it was just an allergic reaction, so I gave her some benadryl and the swelling has gone done significantly. Thanks.
Went to emergency vet. The doctor said it was just an allergic reaction, so I gave her some benadryl and the swelling has gone done significantly. Thanks.
What should I do until it opens tomorrow? Just leave it alone?
A lot of people have that super power, but 14 year olds are immature enough to act on it (and sadly plenty of adults too).
You're right, I was making a false generalization. I wasn't trying to speak for all guys, sorry.
Sorry if I offended you in some way.
> ...the image these girls portray become so expected and normalized that ALL females have societal pressure to behave and look like them, whether we're interested in working at hooters or not.. . I'm not arguing with this point at all. But I also think that men are subjected to this kind of thing as well, maybe not as much as women, but it still exists. We are expected to be strong and muscular just as much as women are expected to be curvy or what have you, and when we aren't, we get laughed at, shunned, etc. I know because I see it all the time, particularly when a skinny or fat guy goes to the gym. Don't get me wrong though -- both men and women do this. Both men and women put pressure on females to behave and look like Hooter's girls.. . > Also, not everybody views sexualized attention from total strangers as a compliment.. . I never said everybody did. I said that some guys do take it as a compliment, and so do some women. And if they think it's gross or creepy, then they shouldn't work at a place where "sexualized attention" is the main reason people even come.. . . 
What?
As a guy, I wouldn't have a problem with this at all. Sure, I wouldn't go to a place like this, but whoever wrote this needs to realize that guys don't give a shit when other guys are "sexualized" or whatever. Hell, plenty of super hot guys would love to be paid to walk around in a speedo and be complimented.. . If women didn't want to work there, then they don't have to. There's no law requiring attractive women to be employed at Hooter's. Stop making issues out of things that aren't actually issues.. . 
Swimming too. Especially if you're in college.
:(
Depression hurts, Cymbalta can help.
That's terrible. It really is sad to see how pathetic some people can be.
I agree. I actually enjoy looking at the different colored vinyl that people post, so I upvote them.
Shit gets you hype, 4/20 would recommend.
That's fantastic. I've never tried cashews before. Up in my nose I mean.. . 
I've got no legit papers, but I'll see what I can scrounge up. Be back in a few.
Alright.. . I want you to put on a white t-shirt, get it wet, and dance to a song of your choosing.. . If that's too much for you, I want you to find some small snacks, stuff like M&Ms and skittles, and see how many you can shove up your nose. Pics are required.
Yes, very nice. Up for any others?
Ain't got no jelly bruh.
Third contact then, don't play motherfucking games with me man.
Butter video uploading, will be ready about 15 minutes from now. 
Go to skype, and send your fifth contact a porn video of your choice.
Sorry man, no gum. Got anything else?
Let me find some gum, I hardly ever chew any. Brb
I'm home with my parents so give me a few minutes
I yearn to be dared.
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?. 
Wallpaper: http://i.imgur.com/PhdhH.jpg. . Launchers (edited), Recycle Bin: [Rainbow Theme](http://rainbowhoovez.deviantart.com/art/Rainbow-Theme-7-Clean-With-Wallpaper-327775998). . Clock, date (both edited): [Elegant Clock](http://twistlemon.deviantart.com/art/Elegant-Clock-215023089). . System: [Elementary](http://flyinghyrax.deviantart.com/art/Elementary-2-0-426588102) (I am using old version in this particular rainmeter, but this is the new version. There's not much of a difference in the system though). . Divider (between clock & date, also pretty heavily edited): [Elegance 2](http://lilshizzy.deviantart.com/art/Rainmeter-Elegance-2-244373054)
Thanks! Yeah, I had no idea that the bugs were fixed, but I never had any troubles in the first place for whatever reason. Glad you like my use of it though!
What
Before listening to vinyl, I always would be doing some other thing while listening to music. Now, I make sure to take my time and allow myself to be absorbed into the music, which has really made a difference. I can definitely appreciate the music on a whole new level.
Solid advice. Thanks for posting this.
Ah, okay. That's also a great collection.
You mean like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GufYJqPjNc)?
He's asking why the six on the left are hanging on a piece of wood but the three on the right are independently hanging on the wall. I imagine that the inconsistency bothers him.
Lol, uke thong. Thanks for the good explanation though, the pictures definitely helped.
Ah, I was actually wondering about that but decided it wasn't too important. Thanks a lot for the info.
Wow, that is the most well-explained and solid advice I've ever received about anything. . . Thanks a bunch, it feels almost natural now. I'm glad I decided to join such a helpful community haha.
Hey, that actually works out well even without a boob. Thanks I guess. I think I struggled way too much with this.
Hahaha, no. I am a male. Nor do I have man titties.
Neat.
Sorry for the late response, I've been without internet for over week.. . You've probably already figured it out, but when you restart your computer the cycle continues from where it last left off. I hardly ever turn my computer off, so it works out fine for me but if you constantly turn it off and on it will probably start to be a minor problem. That being said, it's pretty easy to get it on the right cycle again.
I already do that! Check out my earlier comment [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Rainmeter/comments/200eq1/8bit_complete_24_hour_cycle/cfyvtdq).
Not at all. I think other people in this thread were having the same problem, so you might want to look somewhere else in the comment section for an answer.
Yeah man, that looks tons better. Just curious though, what's the film strip icon do?. 
I would get rid of one of your clocks.
Agreed. Same thing with me: I usually don't put my C drive or battery life in there, but two thingamajigs on each side just didn't cut it for me.
Hey, I really like this. It definitely feels like you spent more time on it than I did, haha. The modified windows logo is pretty cool.. . For me, it's a bit too much information in general, but to each his own of course. It still looks nice symmetrically though, which is hard to do (in my experience) with all of that stuff.. . I looked through your history (muh bad), and I definitely think that you should post your RM setups for all to see, it's really good stuff. Also, a little off-topic, but your taste in music is great too. Keep spinning!. . I hope I don't sound too creepy looking through your history and all, haha.. . 
Close! This is from the *ending* of RSE, where all the pokemans follow you when you're riding on your bike. It just has altered colors and an added sun/moon. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/wallpapers/comments/1tj6f7/8bit_landscape/ce8hz0q) is the original thread that inspired the guy from /r/wallpapers from my first comment to make the wallpapers.
I was just joking ;) Yeah I can see how it would be misleading, but hopefully you can forgive me.
*Pixel Art: 24 hour cycle* just doesn't have the same ring.
I honestly never encountered this problem, or else I would try to help more. Sorry.
Sorry for the late response, but here's a screenshot of how I kinda went about it: http://i.imgur.com/hqMbZGp.png. . I didn't really do what the guy in /r/wallpapers said because honestly I couldn't figure it out either, haha. So I just made copies of all the wallpapers in my wallpaper folder (you can see an example of an original and its copy circled by a red line in the screenshot) and then checked most of them and set it for a 2 hour rotation (also circled in red near the bottom). Obviously you can only do that with 12 images, so I had to cut a few copies out in order for it to make sense (this is the top right thing circled by red).. . I hope this explanation makes a little more sense than my first.
Thank you!
Wallpaper: http://imgur.com/a/VZ9H2 (it was a pretty popular post in /r/wallpapers. Link to original thread:[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/wallpapers/comments/1tqe9k/update_new_version_of_the_8bit_day_wallpaper_set/). . All the actual rainmeter stuff from only one theme: [Bitty 2.0](http://phazyck.deviantart.com/art/bitty-rainmeter-277119161), which was used in [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/Rainmeter/comments/122ku3/8bit_theme/).. . It's not one of the most complicated themes I've done, but I wanted to see how this would turn out. The way that I personally went about it involved me making a copy of all the wallpapers, and setting all but four (including copies) on a two hour rotation. . . That method seemed to work pretty well, although not entirely accurate with actual outside scenery, depending on where you live (I was still pretty satisfied with it however). . . Thanks for viewing!
I love the creativity of this, nice one
Hilarious. Glad to see not everyone is taking desktop design too seriously.
Wow, nice post. I don't know how I would handle something like that, even if I could.
I think most countries use it besides U.S. and a couple others.
It's the point in time in which you get so drunk that you fall down, or get turnt up.
Only if you press the A button repeatedly while shouting, "*GOTTA CATCH 'EM ALL! GOTTA CATCH 'EM ALL!*"
pls I'll left you instead
God your face looks so punchable
Recycle Bin: [Simple Media](http://lilshizzy.deviantart.com/art/Rainmeter-Simple-Media-1-1-212678796). . Time, Date, System, Disks: [illustro](http://harleygorillason.deviantart.com/art/illustro-Extended-1-3-0-314413439). . Wallpaper: http://i.imgur.com/P99GM1d.jpg
It looks cool and all, but if I had one suggestion to give you, it would be to get rid of all that clutter. Maybe downsize the icons and get rid of one of the clocks? Otherwise very nice.
Yeah but this looks way cooler
There's a difference between not giving a fuck and dismissing other people's concerns because they're not yours. I know they're my concerns, but I'm dealing with them myself by doing the only thing possible: talking with the person I have concerns with. That's how you solve problems. That's how you advance.. . Even though concerns are temporary, it's necessary to come to understandings with those who you have conflict with in order to maintain peace. You can't just deal with everything yourself.
Thanks for the reply. That really clears it up for me, and now I can say with conviction that I agree with you. . . I would also like to apologize if my comment came across as an attack on you, I certainly didn't mean it that way.. . Again, thanks for the response, and have a great day!
> You sure as fuck aren't happy with the ones you're in now.. . Uhh... yes I am? . . I like the message you're trying to send, but it seems like you seem to focus on four "clubs" (MEMB as you call it) as if they're the only things likely to help a person out. While I do all four, I could easily drop one or two and still be at peace with myself.. . I realize that you stated we could join "any club" at the end, but that's really not the message I was getting before that was said.. . All-in-all great advice, but could you maybe clear up some of my concerns?. . Thanks :)
Well, I certainly can't argue.
I looked before I made the setup, but to no avail. Sorry.
Date, clock, recycle bin: [Simple Media](http://lilshizzy.deviantart.com/art/Rainmeter-Simple-Media-1-1-212678796). . System: [Elementary](http://flyinghyrax.deviantart.com/art/Elementary-Rainmeter-1-5-1-244031084). . Wallpaper: http://i.imgur.com/qQbubuE.jpg. . . . 
Love the originality, nice RM!
Later than early.
I also have a lot of internet friends that keep my social life pretty happy. No lovers, but still important to me nonetheless. Them, plus my real life friends, make me happy, and no one can take that away from me. . . You put it excellently in your message, very nice.
Actually, credit goes to /u/injust for making some sick nasty clocks! Original thread found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Rainmeter/comments/1hkebg/slightly_addicted_to_making_clocks_oc/). Thanks anyway, though.
If there is, I definitely haven't heard of it.
I love MitiS! The same video introduced me to his work. But yeah, I saw the pic like 6 months ago and thought it would make a perfect wallpaper, but I only just got around to making a rainmeter theme of it.
Thanks for the info! I'll edit my comment to give credit where it's due.
That's what I was going for. Glad you like it :)
Clock, date, and sytems: [LIM!T](http://injust29.deviantart.com/art/LIM-T-1-2-344112531). . Recycle Bin: [Elegance2](http://www.deviantart.com/art/Desktop-Elegance2-072411-244381797). . Wallpaper: [Clouds Battle](http://arsenixc.deviantart.com/art/Clouds-Battle-99516571). 
Have you tried coffee?. . But really - As a college swimmer, I've found two things to be helpful: coffee (or some sort of outside energy) and LOTS of naps. Basically all I do is nap, study, and swim. . . Studies also show that if you take period naps throughout the day, you don't have to sleep as long as you usually would due to REM cycles or whatever. I have no idea about the science of it, but it works for me pretty well. I probably get about 5-7 hours of sleep, but it always feels like I'm resting plenty.. . Hope this helps!
Shit, sorry, that went completely over my head. Can I blame that fact that it's morning?
My grandfather has a full lifetime of experience, but he's a full out racist and hates everything except for the Bible. Let me tell you that, contrary to popular belief, experience does not mean wisdom.
Awesome dude. I remember when I first got under a minute, it's a great feeling. Keep up the good work!. 
Hey man, keep doing whatever you're doing.
You're right, not recently. I just remember seeing it a couple times here. No big deal either way.
I don't care how many times this is posted here, it never gets old :)
I ran one hour without stopping in my hilly as fuck neighborhood. I never thought running could be so rejuvenating. 
What I would give to have you as a music professor.
How would a high school student get a chance to intern on any mission at all?
It's not about the video, dude.
Often people are afraid of death simply because they haven't done what they wanted or they did what others told them they were supposed to do, henceforth living a miserable life. But here's my advice: Just think of life as a game. (see: /r/outside) Did you do all the things you wanted? Have you made the most of the game before you beat it? As long as you spend your life doing what makes you happy and accomplishing your goals and helping friends out etc., you will realize that death is nothing but an ending to the best game you will ever play. This is cliche, but if you live your life without regrets, then you will have nothing to fear about death.. . Meditation is also a very good tool (there was a very good post about this yesterday I think, but I don't have the time to find it). . . Lastly, here are some things to spark your imagination and put your life in perspective: Zen Pencils has some [great](http://zenpencils.com/comic/91-bill-hicks-its-just-a-ride/) [comics](http://zenpencils.com/comic/31-bill-hicks-a-positive-lsd-story/) about the subject. [The Egg](http://www.galactanet.com/oneoff/theegg_mod.html) is a great short story to help cope with your inevitable death. . . That's all I got, hope it helps :)
So you guys don't do any dryland at all?. . I am a distance swimmer as well, and I've never gone over 12k in one practice. More distance does not equal better results.. . I also don't understand why I'm being downvoted. I'm not being rude or anything, just simply curious as to how doing so much distance is better for the swimmer.
It's fine, really. I post here often and this is the first time I've been warned (for lack of a better word).
You weren't being a dick. I apologize for not being specific enough. I will try harder next time.
Then you were probably spending way too much time in the water. To get the best results, yards should have a purpose and shouldn't be added on just for the sake of yardage. Please, correct me if I'm wrong, but that doesn't sound like a good program whatsoever.
Sorry if "Zen Pencils" was too ambiguous for you.
>When I swam everyday about 16,000 yards a day (two, 8000 yard practices). . Okay, unless you are an olympian, I honestly cannot believe this.
One of the main things that I stopped caring about and helped improve my life was other people's taste of music. I used to be that guy who bashed on (in my opinion) crappy music that people listened to.
Yes, but this is /r/funny, not /r/GetMotivated.
Thanks :)
About 6-8 ft, in the main pool, can't remember exactly. The diving well (which is awesome btw) is 12-13 ft. deep I think.
This is from Zen Pencils. I wish people would give credit to the actual source.
I live in Indiana, so I swim here about three times a year. Very nice pool, but super cold (though most championship pools are, of course). It's also a very nice mixture of salt and chlorine. I don't know why I'm saying these things.
... Are you serious?
Is it me or did he lose weight from winter to spring?
I've seen Mr. Nobody, but I'll put the book on my to read list. Thanks.
Maybe it was. I'm not a film critic or anything. Doesn't change the fact that I enjoyed watching it though.
Why?
I like it!
I think it's pretty self-explanatory.
This, along with "wizard". It's really hard to use wizard as an adjective, but when it works, it's totally wizard (<--- example of when it doesn't work).
I'm just mingling with your mangos dude :)
This is cool and all, but I don't think OP is this baby. 
Assuming he lives that long.
That's a bad analogy because some people with Down's syndrome can be very intelligent... more so than quite a bit of "average" people.. . Edit: I fucked up, I was thinking of autism. Thanks to /u/potatoaster for correcting me and sorry to /u/GiantContrabandRobot for falsely correcting him.
Holy crap. That's awesome.
It's just a suggestion. If you go through with this site instead of turntable, you should definitely tell me what room and I'll be there!
A better website for this would be http://plug.dj/ It's way more personal and I think everyone would have a better time. Unless you go in one of the top rooms, then it sucks.
/r/atheistfasionadvice You are welcome good sirs/scientists. I left out the "H" because that insinuates "Hell" which I, being an atheist, don't believe in.
Wow, a self post?? Wow, good sir. A self post! Guys, look, he made a self post!! In /r/circlejerk, amidst all these pics. Thank you, good sir!!!!!!!
That's awesome man. You did a really good job, too.. 
My family always rubs it together to make me cringe :(
I'm sorry. I'll delete the post.. 
We totally should've called spaceships flying chariots. Everything would be better.
Does that include Stalin?
Not a fan of the music player, but everything else is great.
4 best OP.
Does reading books count? If not, I'd say playing my own music (i.e. playing piano, guitar, etc.). Especially for family members and friends.
Thanks :) I didn't even know myself, I just found it somewhere.
* [Wallpaper](http://i.imgur.com/P6sxFpf.jpg). * [Weather](http://lilshizzy.deviantart.com/art/Rainmeter-Simple-Media-1-1-212678796). * [Clock, Recycle Bin, Date](http://lilshizzy.deviantart.com/art/Rainmeter-Elegance-2-244373054). * [iTunes](http://siesie.deviantart.com/art/All-in-one-Player-290256621)
I think I got frisson before I was supposed to.
I read this awhile ago. I never remember the name of the author, but the idea itself is just so enthralling and captivating.
I want to be an astronaut just so I can see Earth in all its beauty... Thanks for sharing, OP.. 
This is fucking stupid...
Holy shit, those are awesome.
This happens all the time with recreational swimmers, I've found. I think you just need to keep working on your abdominal strength, and the cramps, in time, might go away!. . Or maybe you already have a decent amount of ab strength. In that case, I don't have a solution. I'm just going off of experience here :)
I feel like the bow would contribute a lot to Tavi's success.
Must be pretty difficult to play a stringed instrument with just hooves.
No problem :) Read it and immediately thought of this sub.
You say try, but I think worked out rather well for the fellow.
Couldn't say this any better. You should always try to forget and learn from the past, live happily in the present, and try to make the future awesome.
I can't believe no one has asked this yet. Dude, how long is your schlong?
A*ll* of these are really depressing... I feel like Anisound is secretly a PETA agent. (Kidding, but that seriously provided me some deep thinking moments about Pokemon in general)
What about when Lance was pumpin' dem roids?
What the fuck just took place here?
Nobody makes me feel my own god damn feels.
Amazing song. Thanks for sharing OP!
Who's the original artist? Vid doesn't say.. . Edit: I'm stupid.
Ah, thanks for clarifying. And I do have to agree with you on the whole mindset of the subreddit. Everyone has their own way of not giving a fuck, and telling them that there's a certain way to do it is indeed giving a fuck.
Good on you :) But don't forget to give fucks when you get arrested for murder.
I never have understood people that think we'll hate them because they're different. It's exactly what we have to put up with on a day to day basis...
Please explain to me how this is a circle jerk subreddit. I've learned tons of things on here, that have made me a better all-around person.
Sounds about right.
Yo dawg, you be feelin' smoky or sumtim' one day, you hear? Aight, so you roll one up, but da weed keeps on fallin' out, yo! You gotta see why. Here are dem steps. . . 1. First, you gots ta ask yoself. Why da weed keep fallin' out?. . 2. Ask yo niggas if their weed keeps fallin' out. . . 3. Why do YOU think da weed keeps fallin' out? Take yo best guess, nigga.. . 4. Do sumtin' that proves yo guess. If it don't, then change it to make it work, yo.. . 5. Look at dem results when you be done. You should know what happened to yo weed now!. . 6. Tell allll yo niggas. Help dem out. You gotta let them smoke dat weed betta, yea?. . (Note: I'm pretty sure that weed falling out of a blunt isn't a problem that can be solved scientifically, but Snoop Lion doesn't know that.)
I don't know any, but I would suggest just looking/asking around at local pools, and you'll probably find one.
Popular culture's hell tends to be focused on first world problems such as "My phone just ran out of juice while I was texting my girlfriend! Oh, she'll give me hell." or "I want to get up, but my bed is too god damn warm! I feel like I'm in a comfy hell". You see Satan, your hell is more of a physical place in which fires and suffering is common, whereas the situations I just mentioned are more of a concept, and tend to be about pointless shit that won't matter in one week.
*Totally* didn't think of this. Thanks, kintexu2, I feel so silly now!
Sorry OP, but I don't think this is fixable.
No doubt a good song, but not chill inducing for me.
Damn, OP knows his HP.
Inherited traits, occlumency, rituals, arithmancy, and alchemy. Everything else, I remember.
Interesting, but I've read all the books and have never heard of half these things.
Glad to help :)
Wow, cool. Thanks for sharing!
It was mostly because of the First and Second Great Awakenings (one in the early 1700s and one in the early 1800s) which Europe did not have. Also, during the whole of 1800s, we were getting religiously oppressed immigrants, so that also contributed to the fact.
Sounds neat, I'll give it a try.
Add me, I would totally kill you in Audiosurf (not really, I'm not that good). . Also, what's KSP?. . steam name: sapentia52
Steam username: sapentia52. . Games I play a lot: Audiosurf, Planetside 2, TF2. . Game I have and would play: All of them *shrug*. . Other Notes: I'm open to new games, relatively new to steam.
A really powerful song, makes me want to go conquer something while riding majestically on a ship with one leg up on the bodies of my ene--. . Good song.
I constantly use this principle in everyday life... . . Someone forgets your name? People are forgetful. Who gives a fuck? Won't be the last time.. . Someone being a dick? Smile and continue on. You won't remember that ever again.. . Were *you* a dick to someone? Apologize and *learn* from it, most people will forgive and forget. *Because no one gives a fuck.*. . It's all about living happily in the present, and guiding things to be awesome in the future.. 
Do not kill yourself.
Spaghetti
This... wow.
>How does that make any sense?. . It doesn't.. . >But what's the point of this post?. . To display my superior thinking skills, obviously.
why the fuck isn't it yellow
Who gives a fuck?
What were you taking a picture of? (out of curiousity)
To a Friend remix, that shit's good.
Why do you people give a single fuck about what the guy's wearing? Let him do what he wants, no need to be an ass about it.
Yup! I'm 18. I'm currently in NA (family stuph), but I go to college in Virginia.
I own a 2nd gen iPod, yes.
La da da diddy da.. . la dada diddy da.. . da da
Can someone tell me where all the stars are? (Yes, I'm a space noob, shun me)
Lol, vandalism is hilarious. You've outdone yourself OP.
I don't like to seperate music into genres, because good music is good, bad is bad blah blah blah. Anyways, I can find awesomeness in all "genres". Here's a general list of people that are awesome.. . * MitiS. * Sufjan Stevens. * Bright Eyes. * A Day to Remember. * Dashboard Confessional. * Flogging Molly. * Matt Costa (GREAT unknown music artist). * Carbon Leaf. * Jamestown Story. * Radiohead (Obviously). * Death Cab for Cutie. * The Postal Service. * The Rest. * Kansas. * Hollywood Undead. * LuQuS (it seems "chillstep" artists like to experiment with capital letters). * Tenacious D. * Owl City. * Kyson. * Rameses B. * Moleman. * TwoThirds. * Urban Contact. * Simple Plan. * Time for Three (string trio, could be considered classical). * Imogen Heap. * We Came as Romans. * The Decemberists. * The Vaccines. * Coconut Records. * Blackmill. * Cage the Elephant. * Jeffrey Dallas (my personal favorite). * Flobots (the only rap I've ever truly enjoyed). * And for fun -- Story from North America. 
Please tell me you've heard of [MitiS](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDyDKzpWBY0)
do u evn lift
OP, can you link the wallpaper?
Varsity level high school swimmer and competitive club swimmer. Been swimming for 5 years now.
Cool, thanks for the response.
Skins: Enigma, Gnometer. . Clock: http://injust29.deviantart.com/art/QlockedOut-1-4-311027494?. . WP: http://i.imgur.com/vH1TH.jpg
You are not funny. You are an asshole. Just tell the non-flusher to flush, no need to be a dick about it.
Ridiculous, you say? My good man/lady, in this subreddit, ridiculous is fabulous as long as it doesn't have logic.
What in the literal fuck does this have to do with atheism?
(Obvious question incoming) . . What did it feel like to win Grand National Champion?. . 
http://i.imgur.com/Fk0W5.jpg
Go with French horn. Although it's one of the hardest instruments to play/learn, it's the only other high brass played in an average concert band.
You are an amazing person.
Or if you just want to tune naturally out of tune notes on the first valve (Bb for example), use the slide right above it.
Nice animation in the second slide there, almost didn't catch that.
You are all mistaken. Fox News is the most reputable site, and should be the example news site for everyone to follow.. . You all make me sick.
I know what you're saying, but there are still some solo dubstep artists out there, such as MitiS or Flux Pavilion, who makes some damn good music (in my opinion). I'm not saying you're wrong, however, I just think it'll last in more than just backrounds of other songs.
You're correct, I didn't word that in the best way possible.. Perhaps a better thing to say would be "Is dubstep going to last for a while etc."
Sweet, good luck!
You totally could have used your novelty name to your advantage.
I like how the only color is the red on the ax. Very nice WP.
That flag does look rather suspicious.
[A site that I frequently visit, this is my favorite room, also the one I moderate at](http://www.plug.dj/we-don-t-care-what-you-play/)
I feel like it would be hard to play bass without fingers.
I can't tell who's doing the photobombing: The black guy, or the stingray.
The one on the left, right?. 
Captain Clusterfuck. I was a clumsy freshman.
We're not supposed to do anything besides drink water and march in our uniforms. This guy, I suppose, just didn't give a shit.
Nope, because everyone that noticed it thought it was hilarious.. . They were absolutely grossed out, but you could hear them laughing. Also, only the people around the little block he's in noticed. There were only a few girls there.. . None really, he did his best to maintain his grunts.. . Saxophone. They have a very perverted reputation in our band.. . Yep. He wiped it into the grass or turf the best he could, then wiped the remaining semen on his shoe on the field, so he wouldn't slip while marching.
Seriously guys? Downvote me to oblivion, but you shouldn't make fun of other people's religions. I'm not religious either, but it's a big part of their life and you insult their absolute being and their meaning of life by doing this, much less supporting this. And don't tell me that the big bad Muslims started this first. Even though they did, it's just another excuse for you guys to be douchebags. Grow the fuck up and be the bigger man. Insulting religions is *not* cool.
Yeah, pretty much. It was so hilarious, but so disgusting at the same time. The band directors (or anybody, for that matter (besides the band kids)) never even noticed.
It was a joke, but still nasty as fuck.
What this guy said. Just accept them. Absorb them into your soul. Feel them. If necessary, intercourse is applicable.
This wasn't in rehearsal, but every single game or competition, a senior that graduated a couple years ago whacked off. *Every.* *Single.* *Competition.* This was not even on the bus, no, this was when we are lined up on the end zone a few minutes before we perform. Do you even know what that feels like? I cannot make this up.
**TL;DR** Bill Gates is a badass.
Huh, I never noticed that. To make the gif more interesting, maybe?
Wearing hipster glasses before it was cool.
I completely agree with this. Let us take a moment of silence.
I feel a 9/11 joke coming on here...
I came.
It's an add-on I got for facebook.
Obviously fake, this pic is right side up.
Avon is actually a really awesome high school band, and they win A class state almost every year in Indiana. It's no surprise that this happened, it's definitely not the first time for someone to be hospitalized in a prestigious marching band.
Ohhhh okay.
Good point.
If you can find enough room on a field of 1000 people for a trombone, then by all means, march it.
I have no idea.
Why does such a small band need five drum majors?
We should get everyone on this subreddit and organize a giant marching band and do a one time show. It's going to happen.
How do they even move without getting into a giant mosh pit?
Blue indeed.
Ah, I see. It's no problem, I just thought it was strange.
The quotation marks are backwards.
Well I'm watching the first episode of Death Note right now, and I like it so far. I don't really know what types of anime there are.
Your editing skills gave me an orgasm.
Oh, I see what you mean. I might contact the admins about that.
Looks like they just now got it to stop glitching, try it now?. 
I never had that problem. Also, it's very glitchy today, unfortunately, but the admins are working on it. Sorry about your luck, but it is usually a really great site.
What do you mean? I never had any problems.. 
Thanks! :D
Sapentia
Looks like one of those terrible-ass OC's to me.
What cell phone tower?
Probably some 14 year olds having a hissy fit on youtube. I'd say just ignore it and move on.
Tell me if ~~[this](http://i.imgur.com/hqQV9.jpg?1)~~ [THIS](http://i.imgur.com/hqQV9.jpg?2) works for you.
There's a subreddit for everything. EVERYTHING.
Thanks for the advice, I'll make sure a link the post to him. (since he sketched it)
You should crosspost to [ponypapers](http://www.reddit.com/r/ponypapers)
Apology accepted, and I'll probably torrent the movies sometime this weekend. I've heard of Se7en, but not Royal Tenenbaums.
Maybe, they're both equally as deadly, in my opinion.
It's "who", and no, I didn't until recently.
Ah, thank you very much.
It's a gold sharpie.
Yes, and you make me feel terrible for saying that about this piece of art.
> "Our Kool-Aid is 95% arsenic free...". . I see what you did there.
Thanks, I worked really hard on it.. 
Of course. A masterpiece of this level shall not be ignored.
That is why I love The Onion.
> "I never thought I could love Pachelbel." (before this video I'm assuming). . Really? Why didn't you like it before?
[There is](http://www.reddit.com/r/ponypapers/)
Can't argue with that logic.
My guess is that a wild Garydos appeared.
How dare you say such an outrageous thing!
-_- today is not your cakeday.
as a swimmer, you almost made me shit my pants with that title.
Fun fact: This is a backround quote from LA Noire.
or Ryan Lochte, which would be 10x better.
Looks at gif;. Looks at user's name;. hehehehe;
i don't have netflix, but I've never tried nick.com. Thanks.
i thought that there would be a gif of somebody taking a shit.
False. The cranial structure between Caucasians and Africans is much different.
The funny part is that you linked me to Fox News.
Why in the living fuck are you on 9gag?
TIL Canada is fucking huge.
I apologize, I didn't know that such a subreddit existed. Thanks.
Now *these* are tough questions.. . Q 1: I don't know too much about scholarships. But I think basically, if college wants you for anything (whether it be sports, academics, etc.), they will offer a scholarship. Sorry, this is a question for Google or somebody else like your high school coach, not me.. . Q 2: No, that is definitely not true. For, example, I go to a D1 school. I did not get a single scholarship for sports. And yes, the athletic department only has so much to give away, especially for swimming. So yes, I would recommend getting scholarships in academics (or anything, for that matter). Not to help them out, but to help **yourself** out.. . Q 3: It's different for everybody, but for me, money (tuition, scholarships, etc.) was discussed mostly in the summer between graduation and college. It can be discussed pretty much anytime after you decide on a college.. . Q 4: Again, it's different for everybody. I know I'm using myself as an example a lot, but bear with me. For me, I applied to my college, and got accepted (it's a private school). My academic scholarship was handled after the application process.. . Q 5: I couldn't tell you. My parents did all the paperwork stuff (lazy and stupid, I know, but I just graduated high school and I was clueless on just about everything).. . Q 6: It's not a guarantee if you just agree on something. That's all I know.. . Most of these questions are more for people like your parents and coach, but I answered to the best of my ability.. . 
Okay!. . If you're going to be a junior **this upcoming year**, then don't sweat it. You can wait til next year.. . Q 1: Keep in mind, I'm not an expert. But I suggest you don't contact them until next year.. . Q 2:Yes! By all means, experiment and contact coaches later, if you're a junior this upcoming year. I would highly suggest that.. . Q 3: It depends on what kind of swimmer you are. If you're more of a sprinter, everything above a 200 is probably consider long distance for you XD. If you're more of a long distance person, 200-500 is medium distance, everything above is long-distance. It all depends.. . Q 4: You should do both. Give him/her all your times, but make sure that they know that you're more of a long-distance person or sprinter or stroker or whatever. You'd be surprised at what colleges can do, mine changed me from a 50/100 free sprinter to everything freestyle and backstroke. College can work wonders.. . Keep the questions coming, good sir.
Okay. . Q 1: You can go unattached (individually), but I don't know how to do that since I've never done it. Ask your high school coach about it.. . Q 2: **RIGHT NOW!!!** Division 1 and 2 colleges are allowed to start contacting athletes on July 1. Also, you should make a list of possible colleges, narrow it down, and visit said colleges. Get a meeting with a coach. Discuss questions such as nutrition, study tables, etc. But make sure that you know this: **Unless they contacted you first, you are trying to get into THEIR college, not the other way around**. So you need to try to impress the coach.. . Q 3: There are time standards (ie. state times [different in each state], zone times, national times, etc.), but every college is different. You can go to a college's website and look at the ranks on their team, or just contact the coach and see whether you're good enough for the team.. . Note- If you have a GPA of 3.5 or higher, colleges dig that. They are always on the prowl for smarter athletes. If you don't, then don't worry too much about it. Since you're a junior, it's probably too late to change it anyway.. . These are all very good questions, and I encourage you to ask away. College is very confusing.. . Edit: Are you going to be a junior this upcoming year? Or Senior? If junior, you should be fine to wait til next year. If senior, then pretend this edit never happened and do what i said above. Sorry for any confusion.. . 
Q 1: It depends, how good are you in the 50 free? If you are low 21, D1 or 2 colleges like that. Also, **do things over 100 yards**. You don't yet know what you're good at unless you try everything.. . Q 2: It depends on the college, but it is recommended so you have a program to go back to when returning home from college (if you swim in college). . . Q 3: Usually things like your high school state, senior zones, pretty much anything state level or above.. . Q 4: Once again, it depends on the college. But most colleges will not deny a good swimmer whether he/she is on a club team or not.. . I hope I answered your questions well. There is no such thing as a stupid question. Good luck with getting a scholarship!
Ah okay. So how are babies prepared, exactly?
meanwhile in New Zealand...
That's a tough one. I've heard several great arguments. Mainly just plain logic (ie. Jesus walking on water isn't possible, evolution, etc.). Religion just simply doesn't make sense.
Actually, yes. I don't know how to explain it in any other way besides that it just, *made sense*.
Not really. I've never truly understood my former faith (especially the old testament). I know you guys have been right, it was just hard to accept.
Thank you good sir!
You're probably right.
I see your Lyra.
[](/raritywut) But i only have three diamonds for my cutie mark...
What the fuck did I just watch?
Thanks!
Link for download? 
Anybody else notice that everybody that made a good point against the post got banned? [](/facehoof)
[](/ppshrug) Might as well check it out.
Can we see the inside? [](/flutterblush) umm... if that's okay with you...
[](/celestia)  I approve.
I have a feeling that this is photoshopped.
Tell me about it... I'm still hoping for a victory from the U.S. again though.
I think this would go better on [r/ponypapers](http://www.reddit.com/r/ponypapers/)
[](/rdannoyed)  Why am I wearing a tuxedo?. 
Until the show ends, we must maintain our swag. [](/swagintosh). 
400 free relay. Mostly because of its history, and I want to see if USA can somehow pull it off again.
[](/soawesome) so... AWESOME
[](/twibeam)  awww you shouldn't have.
Just kidding, calm down.
Water is supereffective against ground types. FACT. . This is not accurate.
[](/rdcry)  how can you deny me like that?
[](/rdwut). . 
[](/wahaha). 
they'll regret this when they are sixty-four.
resist... urge... to correct... fellow brony's grammar...
I seriously think my lungs just exploded with laughter. But my mom thinks twilight is best pony.
I told my parents I was a brony a few months ago. Turns out my mom was one too. My dad didn't understand it, but he doesn't give a shit. Sorry about your luck man, my friend has the same situation.
I have the same one. I found it at target. It was on sale for $3.
Well at least she didn't color outside the lines. Oh wait.... . Anyways, pretty darn good for a 5 year old.
Well I think her special talent would be being homeless...
I want!
have you heard the [a capella version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-mXMwp0flg)? fantastic.
is this actually supposed to be a game?. 
"Air (On a G String)" all the way!
I have windows 7, but its not working for me. Any suggestions?
Neither could I, but thanks for trying!
